produced by jan - fabian humann , stephen blundell and the online distributed proofreading team at https : / / www . pgdp . net
english synonyms and antonyms
a practical and invaluable guide to clear and precise diction for writers , speakers , students , business and professional men
connectives of english speech
" the work is likely to prove of great value to all writers . " - - washington evening star .
" the book will receive high appreciation from thoughtful students who seek the most practical help . " - - grand rapids herald .
" it is written in a clear and pleasing style and so arranged that but a moment's time is needed to find any line of the hundreds of important though small words which this book discusses . " - - chattanooga times .
" its practical reference value is great , and it is a great satisfaction to note the care and attention to detail and fine shades of meaning the author has bestowed upon the words he discusses . " - - church review , hartford .
" a work of great practical helpfulness to a large class of people . " - - louisville courier - journal .
" this is one of the most useful books for writers , speakers , and all who care for the use of language , which has appeared in a long time . " - - cumberland presbyterian , nashville .
" it is a book of great value to all who take any interest in correct and elegant language . " - - methodist , baltimore .
" this work is a welcome aid to good writing and good speech .
it is worthy the close study of all who would cultivate finished style .
its admirable arrangement and a good index make it easy for reference . " - - christian observer .
" his book has some excellent qualities .
in the first place , it is absolutely free from dogmatic assertion ; in the second place , it contains copious examples from good authors , which should guide aright the person investigating any word , if he is thoroughly conversant with english . " - -
the sun , new york .
standard educational series
english synonyms and antonyms
with notes on the correct use of prepositions
designed as a companion for the study and as a text - book for the use of schools
by
james c .
fernald , l . h . d .
editor of synonyms , antonyms , and prepositions in the standard dictionary
nineteenth edition
funk & wagnalls company new york and london
copyright , 1896 , by funk & wagnalls company .
registered at stationers ' hall , london , eng .
printed in the united states
transcriber's note :
minor typographical errors have been corrected without note , whilst a list of significant amendments can be found at the end of the text .
inconsistent hyphenation and conflicting variant spellings have been standardised , except where used for emphasis .
non - standard characters have been represented as follows :
[ = a ] a with upper macron ; [ = o ] o with upper macron .
contents .
page .
preface vii
part i .
synonyms , antonyms and prepositions 1
part ii .
questions and answers 377
index 509
preface .
the english language is peculiarly rich in synonyms , as , with such a history , it could not fail to be .
from the time of julius caesar , britons , romans , northmen , saxons , danes , and normans fighting , fortifying , and settling upon the soil of england , with scotch and irish contending for mastery or existence across the mountain border and the channel
, and all fenced in together by the sea , could not but influence each other's speech .
english merchants , sailors , soldiers , and travelers , trading , warring , and exploring in every clime , of necessity brought back new terms of sea and shore , of shop and camp and battlefield .
english scholars have studied greek and latin for a thousand years , and the languages of the continent and of the orient in more recent times .
english churchmen have introduced words from hebrew , greek , and latin , through bible and prayer - book , sermon and tract .
from all this it results that there is scarcely a language ever spoken among men that has not some representative in english speech .
the spirit of the anglo - saxon race , masterful in language as in war and commerce , has subjugated all these various elements to one idiom , making not a patchwork , but a composite language .
anglo - saxon thrift , finding often several words that originally expressed the same idea , has detailed them to different parts of the common territory or to different service , so that we have an almost unexampled variety of words , kindred in meaning but distinct
in usage , for expressing almost every shade of human thought .
scarcely any two of such words , commonly known as synonyms , are identical at once in signification and in use .
they have certain common ground within which they are interchangeable ; but outside of that each has its own special province , within which any other word comes as an intruder .
from these two qualities arises the great value of synonyms as contributing to beauty and effectiveness of expression .
as interchangeable , they make possible that freedom and variety by which the diction of an accomplished writer or speaker differs from the wooden uniformity of a legal document .
as distinct and specific , they enable a master of style to choose in every instance the one term that is the most perfect mirror of his thought .
to write or speak to the best purpose , one should know in the first place all the words from which he may choose , and then the exact reason why in any case any particular word should be chosen .
to give such knowledge in these two directions is the office of a book of synonyms .
of milton's diction macaulay writes :
" his poetry acts like an incantation .
its merit lies less in its obvious meaning than in its occult power .
there would seem , at first sight , to be no more in his words than in other words .
but they are words of enchantment .
no sooner are they pronounced , than the past is present and the distant near .
new forms of beauty start at once into existence , and all the burial places of the memory give up their dead .
change the structure of the sentence ; substitute one synonym for another , and the whole effect is destroyed .
the spell loses its power ; and he who should then hope to conjure with it would find himself as much mistaken as cassim in the arabian tale , when he stood crying , ' open wheat , ' ' open barley , ' to the door
which obeyed no sound but ' open sesame . ' the miserable failure of dryden in his attempt to translate into his own diction some parts of the ' paradise lost ' is a remarkable instance of this . "
macaulay's own writings abound in examples of that exquisite precision in the choice of words , which never seems to be precise , but has all the aspect of absolute freedom .
through his language his thought bursts upon the mind as a landscape is seen instantly , perfectly , and beautifully from a mountain height .
a little vagueness of thought , a slight infelicity in the choice of words would be like a cloud upon the mountain , obscuring the scene with a damp and chilling mist .
let anyone try the experiment with a poem like gray's " elegy , " or goldsmith's " traveller " or " deserted village , " of substituting other words for those the poet has chosen , and he will readily perceive how much of the charm of
the lines depends upon their fine exactitude of expression .
in our own day , when so many are eager to write , and confident that they can write , and when the press is sending forth by the ton that which is called literature , but which somehow lacks the imprint of immortality , it is
of the first importance to revive the study of synonyms as a distinct branch of rhetorical culture .
prevalent errors need at times to be noted and corrected , but the teaching of pure english speech is the best defense against all that is inferior , unsuitable , or repulsive .
the most effective condemnation of an objectionable word or phrase is that it is not found in scholarly works , and a student who has once learned the rich stores of vigorous , beautiful , exact , and expressive words that make up our noble language ,
is by that very fact put beyond the reach of all temptation to linguistic corruption .
special instruction in the use of synonyms is necessary , for the reason that few students possess the analytical power and habit of mind required to hold a succession of separate definitions in thought at once , compare them with each other , and determine just where
and how they part company ; and the persons least able to do this are the very ones most in need of the information .
the distinctions between words similar in meaning are often so fine and elusive as to tax the ingenuity of the accomplished scholar ; yet when clearly apprehended they are as important for the purposes of language as the minute differences between similar substances are for the purposes
of chemistry .
often definition itself is best secured by the comparison of kindred terms and the pointing out where each differs from the other .
we perceive more clearly and remember better what each word is , by perceiving where each divides from another of kindred meaning ; just as we see and remember better the situation and contour of adjacent countries , by considering them as boundaries of each other ,
rather than by an exact statement of the latitude and longitude of each as a separate portion of the earth's surface .
the great mass of untrained speakers and writers need to be reminded , in the first place , that there are synonyms - - a suggestion which they would not gain from any precision of separate definitions in a dictionary .
the deplorable repetition with which many slightly educated persons use such words as " elegant , " " splendid , " " clever , " " awful , " " horrid , " etc . , to indicate ( for they can not be said to express
) almost any shade of certain approved or objectionable qualities , shows a limited vocabulary , a poverty of language , which it is of the first importance to correct .
many who are not given to such gross misuse would yet be surprised to learn how often they employ a very limited number of words in the attempt to give utterance to thoughts and feelings so unlike , that what is the right word on one occasion
must of necessity be the wrong word at many other times .
such persons are simply unconscious of the fact that there are other words of kindred meaning from which they might choose ; as the united states surveyors of alaska found " the shuddering tenant of the frigid zone " wrapping himself in furs and cowering over a
fire of sticks with untouched coal - mines beneath his feet .
such poverty of language is always accompanied with poverty of thought .
one who is content to use the same word for widely different ideas has either never observed or soon comes to forget that there is any difference between the ideas ; or perhaps he retains a vague notion of a difference which he never attempts to define
to himself , and dimly hints to others by adding to his inadequate word some such phrase as " you see " or " you know , " in the helpless attempt to inject into another mind by suggestion what adequate words would enable him simply and
distinctly to say .
such a mind resembles the old maps of africa in which the interior was filled with cloudy spaces , where modern discovery has revealed great lakes , fertile plains , and mighty rivers .
one main office of a book of synonyms is to reveal to such persons the unsuspected riches of their own language ; and when a series of words is given them , from which they may choose , then , with intelligent choice of words there comes
of necessity a clearer perception of the difference of the ideas that are to be expressed by those different words .
thus , copiousness and clearness of language tend directly to affluence and precision of thought .
hence there is an important use for mere lists of classified synonyms , like roget's thesaurus and the works of soule and fallows .
not one in a thousand of average students would ever discover , by independent study of the dictionary , that there are fifteen synonyms for beautiful , twenty - one for beginning , fifteen for benevolence , twenty for friendly , and thirty - seven for pure
.
the mere mention of such numbers opens vistas of possible fulness , freedom , and variety of utterance , which will have for many persons the effect of a revelation .
but it is equally important to teach that synonyms are not identical and to explain why and how they differ .
a person of extensive reading and study , with a fine natural sense of language , will often find all that he wants in the mere list , which recalls to his memory the appropriate word .
but for the vast majority there is needed some work that compares or contrasts synonymous words , explains their differences of meaning or usage , and shows in what connections one or the other may be most fitly used .
this is the purpose of the present work , to be a guide to selection from the varied treasures of english speech .
this work treats within 375 pages more than 7500 synonyms .
it has been the study of the author to give every definition or distinction in the fewest possible words consistent with clearness of statement , and this not merely for economy of space , but because such condensed statements are most easily apprehended and remembered .
the method followed has been to select from every group of synonyms one word , or two contrasted words , the meaning of which may be settled by clear definitive statement , thus securing some fixed point or points to which all the other words of the
group may be referred .
the great source of vagueness , error , and perplexity in many discussions of synonyms is , that the writer merely associates stray ideas loosely connected with the different words , sliding from synonym to synonym with no definite point of departure or return , so that
a smooth and at first sight pleasing statement really gives the mind no definite resting - place and no sure conclusion .
a true discussion of synonyms is definition by comparison , and for this there must be something definite with which to compare .
when the standard is settled , approximation or differentiation can be determined with clearness and certainty .
it is not enough to tell something about each word .
the thing to tell is how each word is related to others of that particular group .
when a word has more than one prominent meaning , the synonyms for one signification are treated in one group and a reference is made to some other group in which the synonyms for another signification are treated , as may be seen by noting the synonyms
given under apparent , and following the reference to evident .
it has been impossible within the limits of this volume to treat in full all the words of each group of synonyms .
sometimes it has been necessary to restrict the statement to a mere suggestion of the correct use ; in some cases only the chief words of a group could be considered , giving the key to the discussion , and leaving the student to follow out the
principle in the case of other words by reference to the definitive statements of the dictionary .
it is to be hoped that at some time a dictionary of synonyms may be prepared , giving as full a list as that of roget or of soule , with discriminating remarks upon every word .
such a work would be of the greatest value , but obviously beyond the scope of a text - book for the class - room .
the author has here incorporated , by permission of the publishers of the standard dictionary , much of the synonym matter prepared by him for that work .
all has been thoroughly revised or reconstructed , and much wholly new matter has been added .
the book contains also more than 3700 antonyms .
these are valuable as supplying definition by contrast or by negation , one of the most effective methods of defining being in many cases to tell what a thing is not .
to speakers and writers antonyms are useful as furnishing oftentimes effective antitheses .
young writers will find much help from the indication of the correct use of prepositions , the misuse of which is one of the most common of errors , and one of the most difficult to avoid , while their right use gives to style cohesion ,
firmness , and compactness , and is an important aid to perspicuity .
to the text of the synonyms is appended a set of questions and examples to adapt the work for use as a text - book .
aside from the purposes of the class - room , this portion will be found of value to the individual student .
excepting those who have made a thorough study of language most persons will discover with surprise how difficult it is to answer any set of the questions or to fill the blanks in the examples without referring to the synonym treatment in part i . , or
to a dictionary , and how rarely they can give any intelligent reason for preference even among familiar words .
there are few who can study such a work without finding occasion to correct some errors into which they have unconsciously fallen , and without coming to a new delight in the use of language from a fuller knowledge of its resources and a clearer sense of
its various capabilities .
west new brighton , n .
y . , sept .
4 , 1896 .
part i .
books of reference .
crabb's " english synonymes explained . " [ h . ]
soule's " dictionary of english synonyms . " [ l . ]
smith's " synonyms discriminated . " [ bell . ]
graham's " english synonyms . " [ a . ]
whateley's " english synonyms discriminated . " [ l .
& s . ]
campbell's " handbook of synonyms . " [ l .
& s . ]
fallows ' " complete dictionary of synonyms and antonyms . " [ f .
h .
r . ]
roget's " thesaurus of english words . " [ f .
& w .
co . ]
trench's " study of english words . " [ w .
j .
w . ]
richard grant white , " words and their uses , " and " every day english . " [ h .
m .
& co . ]
geo .
p .
marsh , " lectures on the english language , " and " origin and history of the english language . " [ s . ]
fitzedward hall , " false philology . " [ s . ]
maetzner's " english grammar , " tr .
by grece .
[ j .
m . ]
the synonyms of the century and international dictionaries have also been consulted and compared .
the funk & wagnalls standard dictionary has been used as the authority throughout .
* * * * *
abbreviations used .
a .
d .
appleton & co .
| k . - f .
krauth - fleming as .
anglo - saxon | " vocabulary of philosophy . " bell ; b .
& s .
bell & sons | l .
latin ; lippincott & co .
f .
french | l .
& s .
lee & shepard f .
h .
r .
fleming h .
revell | m .
murray's new english dictionary f .
& w .
co .
funk & wagnalls co .
| macm .
macmillan & co .
g .
german | s .
chas .
scribner's sons gr .
greek | sp .
spanish h .
harper & bros .
| t .
& f .
ticknor & fields h .
m .
& co .
houghton , mifflin & co .
| t .
& h .
troutman & hayes it .
italian | t .
& m .
taylor , walton & maberley j .
m .
john murray | w .
j .
w .
w .
j .
widdleton
part i .
synonyms , antonyms and prepositions .
* * * * *
abandon .
synonyms :
abdicate , desert , leave , resign , abjure , discontinue , quit , retire from , cast off , forego , recant , retract , cease , forsake , relinquish , surrender , cede , forswear , renounce , vacate , depart from , give up
, repudiate , withdraw from .
abandon is a word of wide signification , applying to persons or things of any kind ; abdicate and resign apply to office , authority , or power ; cede to territorial possessions ; surrender especially to military force , and more generally to any demand ,
claim , passion , etc .
quit carries an idea of suddenness or abruptness not necessarily implied in abandon , and may not have the same suggestion of finality .
the king abdicates his throne , cedes his territory , deserts his followers , renounces his religion , relinquishes his titles , abandons his designs .
a cowardly officer deserts his ship ; the helpless passengers abandon it .
we quit business , give up property , resign office , abandon a habit or a trust .
relinquish commonly implies reluctance ; the fainting hand relinquishes its grasp ; the creditor relinquishes his claim .
abandon implies previous association with responsibility for or control of ; forsake implies previous association with inclination or attachment , real or assumed ; a man may abandon or forsake house or friends ; he abandons an enterprise ; forsakes god .
abandon is applied to both good and evil action ; a thief abandons his designs , a man his principles .
forsake , like abandon , may be used either in the favorable or unfavorable sense ; desert is always unfavorable , involving a breach of duty , except when used of mere localities ; as , " the deserted village . " while a monarch abdicates ,
a president or other elected or appointed officer resigns .
it was held that james ii .
abdicated his throne by deserting it .
antonyms :
adopt , defend , occupy , seek , advocate , favor , prosecute , support , assert , haunt , protect , undertake , cherish , hold , pursue , uphold , claim , keep , retain , vindicate .
court , maintain ,
* * * * *
abase .
synonyms :
bring low , depress , dishonor , lower , cast down , discredit , humble , reduce , debase , disgrace , humiliate , sink .
degrade ,
abase refers only to outward conditions .
" exalt him that is low , and abase him that is high . " ezek .
xxi , 26 .
debase applies to quality or character .
the coinage is debased by excess of alloy , the man by vice .
humble in present use refers chiefly to feeling of heart ; humiliate to outward conditions ; even when one is said to humble himself , he either has or affects to have humility of heart .
to disgrace may be to bring or inflict odium upon others , but the word is chiefly and increasingly applied to such moral odium as one by his own acts brings upon himself ; the noun disgrace retains more of the passive sense than the verb ;
he disgraced himself by his conduct ; he brought disgrace upon his family .
to dishonor a person is to deprive him of honor that should or might be given .
to discredit one is to injure his reputation , as for veracity or solvency .
a sense of unworthiness humbles ; a shameful insult humiliates ; imprisonment for crime disgraces .
degrade may refer to either station or character .
an officer is degraded by being reduced to the ranks , disgraced by cowardice ; vile practises degrade ; drunkenness is a degrading vice .
misfortune or injustice may abase the good ; nothing but their own ill - doing can debase or disgrace them .
antonyms :
advance , elevate , honor , raise , aggrandize , exalt , promote , uplift .
dignify ,
* * * * *
abash .
synonyms :
bewilder , daunt , embarrass , mortify , chagrin , discompose , humble , overawe , confound , disconcert , humiliate , shame .
confuse , dishearten ,
any sense of inferiority abashes , with or without the sense of wrong .
the poor are abashed at the splendor of wealth , the ignorant at the learning of the wise .
" i might have been abashed by their authority . " gladstone homeric synchron . , p .
72 .
[ h .
' 76 . ] to confuse is to bring into a state of mental bewilderment ; to confound is to overwhelm the mental faculties ; to daunt is to subject to a certain degree of fear .
embarrass is a strong word , signifying primarily hamper , hinder , impede .
a solitary thinker may be confused by some difficulty in a subject , or some mental defect ; one is embarrassed in the presence of others , and because of their presence .
confusion is of the intellect , embarrassment of the feelings .
a witness may be embarrassed by annoying personalities , so as to become confused in statements .
to mortify a person is to bring upon him a painful sense of humiliation , whether because of his own or another's fault or failure .
a pupil is confused by a perplexing question , a general confounded by overwhelming defeat .
a hostess is discomposed by the tardiness of guests , a speaker disconcerted by a failure of memory .
the criminal who is not abashed at detection may be daunted by the officer's weapon .
sudden joy may bewilder , but will not abash .
the true worshiper is humbled rather than abashed before god .
the parent is mortified by the child's rudeness , the child abashed at the parent's reproof .
the embarrassed speaker finds it difficult to proceed .
the mob is overawed by the military , the hypocrite shamed by exposure .
" a man whom no denial , no scorn could abash . " fielding amelia bk .
iii , ch .
9 , p .
300 .
[ b .
& s .
' 71 . ] compare chagrin ; hinder .
antonyms :
animate , cheer , encourage , rally , buoy , embolden , inspirit , uphold .
* * * * *
abate .
synonyms :
decline , ebb , mitigate , reduce , decrease , lessen , moderate , subside .
diminish , lower ,
the storm , the fever , the pain abates .
interest declines .
misfortunes may be mitigated , desires moderated , intense anger abated , population decreased , taxes reduced .
we abate a nuisance , terminate a controversy , suppress a rebellion .
see alleviate .
antonyms :
aggravate , enhance , foment , rage , amplify , enlarge , increase , raise , continue , extend , magnify , revive .
develop ,
prepositions :
abate in fury ; abated by law .
* * * * *
abbreviation .
synonyms :
abridgment , contraction .
an abbreviation is a shortening by any method ; a contraction is a reduction of size by the drawing together of the parts .
a contraction of a word is made by omitting certain letters or syllables and bringing together the first and last letters or elements ; an abbreviation may be made either by omitting certain portions from the interior or by cutting off a part ; a contraction is
an abbreviation , but an abbreviation is not necessarily a contraction ; rec't for receipt , mdse .
for merchandise , and dr .
for debtor are contractions ; they are also abbreviations ; am .
for american is an abbreviation , but not a contraction .
abbreviation and contraction are used of words and phrases , abridgment of books , paragraphs , sentences , etc .
compare abridgment .
* * * * *
abet .
synonyms :
advocate , countenance , incite , sanction , aid , embolden , instigate , support , assist , encourage , promote , uphold .
abet and instigate are now used almost without exception in a bad sense ; one may incite either to good or evil .
one incites or instigates to the doing of something not yet done , or to increased activity or further advance in the doing of it ; one abets by giving sympathy , countenance , or substantial aid to the doing of that which is already projected or
in process of commission .
abet and instigate apply either to persons or actions , incite to persons only ; one incites a person to an action .
a clergyman will advocate the claims of justice , aid the poor , encourage the despondent , support the weak , uphold the constituted authorities ; but he will not incite to a quarrel , instigate a riot , or abet a crime .
the originator of a crime often instigates or incites others to abet him in it , or one may instigate or incite others to a crime in the commission of which he himself takes no active part .
compare help .
antonyms :
baffle , deter , dissuade , hinder , confound , disapprove , expose , impede , counteract , disconcert , frustrate , obstruct .
denounce , discourage ,
* * * * *
abhor .
synonyms :
abominate , dislike , loathe , scorn , despise , hate , nauseate , shun .
detest ,
abhor is stronger than despise , implying a shuddering recoil , especially a moral recoil .
" how many shun evil as inconvenient who do not abhor it as hateful . " trench serm .
in westm .
abbey xxvi , 297 .
[ m . ] detest expresses indignation , with something of contempt .
loathe implies disgust , physical or moral .
we abhor a traitor , despise a coward , detest a liar .
we dislike an uncivil person .
we abhor cruelty , hate tyranny .
we loathe a reptile or a flatterer .
we abhor milton's heroic satan , but we can not despise him .
antonyms :
admire , crave , esteem , love , approve , desire , like , relish .
covet , enjoy ,
* * * * *
abide .
synonyms :
anticipate , dwell , remain , stop , await , endure , reside , tarry , bear , expect , rest , tolerate , bide , inhabit , sojourn , wait , confront , live , stay , watch .
continue , lodge ,
to abide is to remain continuously without limit of time unless expressed by the context : " to - day i must abide at thy house , " luke xix , 5 ; " a settled place for thee to abide in forever , " 1 kings
viii , 13 ; " abide with me !
fast falls the eventide , " lyte hymn .
lodge , sojourn , stay , tarry , and wait always imply a limited time ; lodge , to pass the night ; sojourn , to remain temporarily ; live , dwell , reside , to have a permanent home .
stop , in the sense of stay or sojourn , is colloquial , and not in approved use .
compare endure ; rest .
antonyms :
abandon , forfeit , migrate , reject , avoid , forfend , move , resist , depart , journey , proceed , shun .
prepositions :
abide in a place , for a time , with a person , by a statement .
* * * * *
abolish .
synonyms :
abate , eradicate , prohibit , stamp out , abrogate , exterminate , remove , subvert , annihilate , extirpate , repeal , supplant , annul , nullify , reverse , suppress , destroy , obliterate , revoke , terminate .
end , overthrow , set aside ,
abolish , to do away with , bring absolutely to an end , especially as something hostile , hindering , or harmful , was formerly used of persons and material objects , a usage now obsolete except in poetry or highly figurative speech .
abolish is now used of institutions , customs , and conditions , especially those wide - spread and long existing ; as , to abolish slavery , ignorance , intemperance , poverty .
a building that is burned to the ground is said to be destroyed by fire .
annihilate , as a philosophical term , signifies to put absolutely out of existence .
as far as our knowledge goes , matter is never annihilated , but only changes its form .
some believe that the wicked will be annihilated .
abolish is not said of laws .
there we use repeal , abrogate , nullify , etc . : repeal by the enacting body , nullify by revolutionary proceedings ; a later statute abrogates , without formally repealing , any earlier law with which it conflicts .
an appellate court may reverse or set aside the decision of an inferior court .
overthrow may be used in either a good or a bad sense ; suppress is commonly in a good , subvert always in a bad sense ; as , to subvert our liberties ; to suppress a rebellion .
the law prohibits what may never have existed ; it abolishes an existing evil .
we abate a nuisance , terminate a controversy .
compare cancel ; demolish ; exterminate .
antonyms :
authorize , establish , reinstate , revive , cherish , institute , renew , set up , confirm , introduce , repair , support , continue , legalize , restore , sustain .
enact , promote ,
* * * * *
abomination .
synonyms :
abhorrence , curse , hatred , plague , abuse , detestation , horror , shame , annoyance , disgust , iniquity , villainy , aversion , evil , nuisance , wickedness .
crime , execration , offense ,
abomination ( from the l .
ab omen , a thing of ill omen ) was originally applied to anything held in religious or ceremonial aversion or abhorrence ; as , " the things which are highly esteemed among men are abomination in the sight of god . " luke xvi , 15
.
the word is oftener applied to the object of such aversion or abhorrence than to the state of mind that so regards it ; in common use abomination signifies something very much disliked or loathed , or that deserves to be .
choice food may be an object of aversion and disgust to a sick person ; vile food would be an abomination .
a toad is to many an object of disgust ; a foul sewer is an abomination .
as applied to crimes , abomination is used of such as are especially brutal , shameful , or revolting ; theft is an offense ; infanticide is an abomination .
antonyms :
affection , blessing , enjoyment , joy , appreciation , delight , esteem , satisfaction , approval , desire , gratification , treat .
benefit ,
* * * * *
abridgment .
synonyms :
abbreviation , compend , epitome , summary , abstract , compendium , outline , synopsis .
analysis , digest ,
an abridgment gives the most important portions of a work substantially as they stand .
an outline or synopsis is a kind of sketch closely following the plan .
an abstract or digest is an independent statement of what the book contains .
an analysis draws out the chief thoughts or arguments , whether expressed or implied .
a summary is the most condensed statement of results or conclusions .
an epitome , compend , or compendium is a condensed view of a subject , whether derived from a previous publication or not .
we may have an abridgment of a dictionary , but not an analysis , abstract , digest , or summary .
we may have an epitome of religion , a compendium of english literature , but not an abridgment .
compare abbreviation .
* * * * *
absolute .
synonyms :
arbitrary , compulsory , haughty , peremptory , arrogant , controlling , imperative , positive , authoritative , despotic , imperious , supreme , autocratic , dictatorial , irresponsible , tyrannical , coercive , dogmatic , lordly , unconditional , commanding , domineering , overbearing , unequivocal
.
compulsive , exacting ,
in the strict sense , absolute , free from all limitation or control , and supreme , superior to all , can not properly be said of any being except the divine .
both words are used , however , in a modified sense , of human authorities ; absolute then signifying free from limitation by other authority , and supreme exalted over all other ; as , an absolute monarch , the supreme court .
absolute , in this use , does not necessarily carry any unfavorable sense , but as absolute power in human hands is always abused , the unfavorable meaning predominates .
autocratic power knows no limits outside the ruler's self ; arbitrary power , none outside the ruler's will or judgment , arbitrary carrying the implication of wilfulness and capriciousness .
despotic is commonly applied to a masterful or severe use of power , which is expressed more decidedly by tyrannical .
arbitrary may be used in a good sense ; as , the pronunciation of proper names is arbitrary ; but the bad sense is the prevailing one ; as , an arbitrary proceeding .
irresponsible power is not necessarily bad , but eminently dangerous ; an executor or trustee should not be irresponsible ; an irresponsible ruler is likely to be tyrannical .
a perfect ruler might be irresponsible and not tyrannical .
authoritative is used always in a good sense , implying the right to claim authority ; imperative , peremptory , and positive are used ordinarily in the good sense ; as , an authoritative definition ; an imperative demand ; a peremptory command ; positive instructions ;
imperious signifies assuming and determined to command , rigorously requiring obedience .
an imperious demand or requirement may have in it nothing offensive ; it is simply one that resolutely insists upon compliance , and will not brook refusal ; an arrogant demand is offensive by its tone of superiority , an arbitrary demand by its unreasonableness ; an
imperious disposition is liable to become arbitrary and arrogant .
a person of an independent spirit is inclined to resent an imperious manner in any one , especially in one whose superiority is not clearly recognized .
commanding is always used in a good sense ; as , a commanding appearance ; a commanding eminence .
compare dogmatic ; infinite ; perfect .
antonyms :
accountable , constitutional , gentle , lowly , responsible , complaisant , contingent , humble , meek , submissive , compliant , docile , lenient , mild , yielding .
conditional , ductile , limited ,
* * * * *
absolve .
synonyms :
acquit , exculpate , forgive , pardon , clear , exempt , free , release , discharge , exonerate , liberate , set free .
to absolve , in the strict sense , is to set free from any bond .
one may be absolved from a promise by a breach of faith on the part of one to whom the promise was made .
to absolve from sins is formally to remit their condemnation and penalty , regarded as a bond upon the soul .
" almighty god . . .
pardoneth and absolveth all those who truly repent , and unfeignedly believe his holy gospel . " book of common prayer , declar .
of absol .
to acquit of sin or crime is to free from the accusation of it , pronouncing one guiltless ; the innocent are rightfully acquitted ; the guilty may be mercifully absolved .
compare pardon .
antonyms :
accuse , charge , condemn , impeach , obligate , bind , compel , convict , inculpate , oblige .
preposition :
one is absolved from ( rarely of ) a promise , a sin , etc .
* * * * *
absorb .
synonyms :
consume , engross , suck up , take in , drink in , exhaust , swallow , take up .
drink up , imbibe , swallow up ,
a fluid that is absorbed is taken up into the mass of the absorbing body , with which it may or may not permanently combine .
wood expands when it absorbs moisture , iron when it absorbs heat , the substance remaining perhaps otherwise substantially unchanged ; quicklime , when it absorbs water , becomes a new substance with different qualities , hydrated or slaked lime .
a substance is consumed which is destructively appropriated by some other substance , being , or agency , so that it ceases to exist or to be recognized as existing in its original condition ; fuel is consumed in the fire , food in the body ;
consume is also applied to whatever is removed from the market for individual use ; as , silk and woolen goods are consumed .
a great talker engrosses the conversation .
a credulous person swallows the most preposterous statement .
a busy student imbibes or drinks in knowledge ; he is absorbed in a subject that takes his whole attention .
" i only postponed it because i happened to get absorbed in a book . " kane grinnell exped .
ch .
43 , page 403 .
[ h .
' 54 . ]
antonyms :
cast out , dissipate , emit , put forth , shoot forth , disgorge , distract , exude , radiate , throw off , disperse , eject , give up , send out , vomit .
prepositions :
plants absorb moisture from the air ; the student is absorbed in thought ; nutriment may be absorbed into the system through the skin .
* * * * *
abstinence .
synonyms :
abstemiousness , frugality , self - denial , sobriety , continence , moderation , self - restraint , temperance .
fasting , self - control ,
abstinence from food commonly signifies going without ; abstemiousness , partaking moderately ; abstinence may be for a single occasion , abstemiousness is habitual moderation .
self - denial is giving up what one wishes ; abstinence may be refraining from what one does not desire .
fasting is abstinence from food for a limited time , and generally for religious reasons .
sobriety and temperance signify maintaining a quiet , even temper by moderate indulgence in some things , complete abstinence from others .
we speak of temperance in eating , but of abstinence from vice .
total abstinence has come to signify the entire abstaining from intoxicating liquors .
antonyms :
drunkenness , greed , reveling , sensuality , excess , intemperance , revelry , wantonness .
gluttony , intoxication , self - indulgence ,
preposition :
the negative side of virtue is abstinence from vice .
* * * * *
abstract , v .
synonyms :
appropriate , distract , purloin , steal , detach , divert , remove , take away , discriminate , eliminate , separate , withdraw .
distinguish ,
the central idea of withdrawing makes abstract in common speech a euphemism for appropriate ( unlawfully ) , purloin , steal .
in mental processes we discriminate between objects by distinguishing their differences ; we separate some one element from all that does not necessarily belong to it , abstract it , and view it alone .
we may separate two ideas , and hold both in mind in comparison or contrast ; but when we abstract one of them , we drop the other out of thought .
the mind is abstracted when it is withdrawn from all other subjects and concentrated upon one , diverted when it is drawn away from what it would or should attend to by some other interest , distracted when the attention is divided among different subjects , so
that it can not be given properly to any .
the trouble with the distracted person is that he is not abstracted .
compare discern .
antonyms :
add , complete , fill up , restore , unite .
combine , conjoin , increase , strengthen ,
prepositions :
the purse may be abstracted from the pocket ; the substance from the accidents ; a book into a compend .
* * * * *
abstracted .
synonyms :
absent , heedless , listless , preoccupied , absent - minded , inattentive , negligent , thoughtless .
absorbed , indifferent , oblivious ,
as regards mental action , absorbed , abstracted , and preoccupied refer to the cause , absent or absent - minded to the effect .
the man absorbed in one thing will appear absent in others .
a preoccupied person may seem listless and thoughtless , but the really listless and thoughtless have not mental energy to be preoccupied .
the absent - minded man is oblivious of ordinary matters , because his thoughts are elsewhere .
one who is preoccupied is intensely busy in thought ; one may be absent - minded either through intense concentration or simply through inattention , with fitful and aimless wandering of thought .
compare abstract .
antonyms :
alert , on hand , ready , wide - awake .
attentive , prompt , thoughtful ,
* * * * *
absurd .
synonyms :
anomalous , ill - considered , ludicrous , ridiculous , chimerical , ill - judged , mistaken , senseless , erroneous , inconclusive , monstrous , stupid , false , incorrect , nonsensical , unreasonable , foolish , infatuated , paradoxical , wild .
ill - advised , irrational , preposterous ,
that is absurd which is contrary to the first principles of reasoning ; as , that a part should be greater than the whole is absurd .
a paradoxical statement appears at first thought contradictory or absurd , while it may be really true .
anything is irrational when clearly contrary to sound reason , foolish when contrary to practical good sense , silly when petty and contemptible in its folly , erroneous when containing error that vitiates the result , unreasonable when there seems a perverse bias or an intent to
go wrong .
monstrous and preposterous refer to what is overwhelmingly absurd ; as , " o monstrous !
eleven buckram men grown out of two , " shakespeare 1 king henry iv , act ii , sc .
4 .
the ridiculous or the nonsensical is worthy only to be laughed at .
the lunatic's claim to be a king is ridiculous ; the mother goose rimes are nonsensical .
compare incongruous .
antonyms :
certain , incontrovertible , rational , substantial , consistent , indisputable , reasonable , true , demonstrable , indubitable , sagacious , undeniable , demonstrated , infallible , sensible , unquestionable , established , logical , sound , wise .
incontestable ,
* * * * *
abuse .
synonyms :
aggrieve , impose on or oppress , ruin , damage , upon , persecute , slander , defame , injure , pervert , victimize , defile , malign , prostitute , vilify , disparage , maltreat , rail at , violate , harm , misemploy , ravish
, vituperate , ill - treat , misuse , reproach , wrong .
ill - use , molest , revile ,
abuse covers all unreasonable or improper use or treatment by word or act .
a tenant does not abuse rented property by " reasonable wear , " though that may damage the property and injure its sale ; he may abuse it by needless defacement or neglect .
it is possible to abuse a man without harming him , as when the criminal vituperates the judge ; or to harm a man without abusing him , as when the witness tells the truth about the criminal .
defame , malign , rail at , revile , slander , vilify , and vituperate are used always in a bad sense .
one may be justly reproached .
to impose on or to victimize one is to injure him by abusing his confidence .
to persecute one is to ill - treat him for opinion's sake , commonly for religious belief ; to oppress is generally for political or pecuniary motives .
" thou shalt not oppress an hired servant that is poor and needy , " deut .
xxiv , 14 .
misemploy , misuse , and pervert are commonly applied to objects rather than to persons .
a dissolute youth misemploys his time , misuses his money and opportunities , harms his associates , perverts his talents , wrongs his parents , ruins himself , abuses every good gift of god .
antonyms :
applaud , conserve , favor , protect , sustain , benefit , consider , laud , regard , tend , care for , eulogize , panegyrize , respect , uphold , cherish , extol , praise , shield , vindicate .
* * * * *
accessory .
synonyms :
abetter or abettor , associate , companion , henchman , accomplice , attendant , confederate , participator , ally , coadjutor , follower , partner , assistant , colleague , helper , retainer .
colleague is used always in a good sense , associate and coadjutor generally so ; ally , assistant , associate , attendant , companion , helper , either in a good or a bad sense ; abetter , accessory , accomplice , confederate , almost always in
a bad sense .
ally is oftenest used of national and military matters , or of some other connection regarded as great and important ; as , allies of despotism .
colleague is applied to civil and ecclesiastical connections ; members of congress from the same state are colleagues , even though they may be bitter opponents politically and personally .
an associate justice of the supreme court is near in rank to the chief justice .
a surgeon's assistant is a physician or medical student who shares in the treatment and care of patients ; a surgeon's attendant is one who rolls bandages and the like .
follower , henchman , retainer are persons especially devoted to a chief , and generally bound to him by necessity , fee , or reward .
partner has come to denote almost exclusively a business connection .
in law , an abettor ( the general legal spelling ) is always present , either actively or constructively , at the commission of the crime ; an accessory never .
an accomplice is usually a principal ; an accessory never .
if present , though only to stand outside and keep watch against surprise , one is an abettor , and not an accessory .
at common law , an accessory implies a principal , and can not be convicted until after the conviction of the principal ; the accomplice or abettor can be convicted as a principal .
accomplice and abettor have nearly the same meaning , but the former is the popular , the latter more distinctively the legal term .
compare appendage ; auxiliary .
antonyms :
adversary , chief , foe , leader , principal , antagonist , commander , hinderer , opponent , rival .
betrayer , enemy , instigator , opposer ,
prepositions :
an accessory to the crime ; before or after the fact ; the accessories of a figure in a painting .
* * * * *
accident .
synonyms :
adventure , contingency , happening , misfortune , calamity , disaster , hazard , mishap , casualty , fortuity , incident , possibility .
chance , hap , misadventure ,
an accident is that which happens without any one's direct intention ; a chance that which happens without any known cause .
if the direct cause of a railroad accident is known , we can not call it a chance .
to the theist there is , in strictness , no chance , all things being by divine causation and control ; but chance is spoken of where no special cause is manifest : " by chance there came down a certain priest that way , " luke
x , 31 .
we can speak of a game of chance , but not of a game of accident .
an incident is viewed as occurring in the regular course of things , but subordinate to the main purpose , or aside from the main design .
fortune is the result of inscrutable controlling forces .
fortune and chance are nearly equivalent , but chance can be used of human effort and endeavor as fortune can not be ; we say " he has a chance of success , " or " there is one chance in a thousand , " where we
could not substitute fortune ; as personified , fortune is regarded as having a fitful purpose , chance as purposeless ; we speak of fickle fortune , blind chance ; " fortune favors the brave . " the slaughter of men is an incident of battle ;
unexpected defeat , the fortune of war .
since the unintended is often the undesirable , accident tends to signify some calamity or disaster , unless the contrary is expressed , as when we say a fortunate or happy accident .
an adventure is that which may turn out ill , a misadventure that which does turn out ill .
a slight disturbing accident is a mishap .
compare event ; hazard .
antonyms :
appointment , decree , intention , ordainment , preparation , calculation , fate , law , ordinance , provision , certainty , foreordination , necessity , plan , purpose .
prepositions :
the accident of birth ; an accident to the machinery .
* * * * *
acquaintance .
synonyms :
association , experience , fellowship , intimacy , companionship , familiarity , friendship , knowledge .
acquaintance between persons supposes that each knows the other ; we may know a public man by his writings or speeches , and by sight , but can not claim acquaintance unless he personally knows us .
there may be pleasant acquaintance with little companionship ; and conversely , much companionship with little acquaintance , as between busy clerks at adjoining desks .
so there may be association in business without intimacy or friendship .
acquaintance admits of many degrees , from a slight or passing to a familiar or intimate acquaintance ; but acquaintance unmodified commonly signifies less than familiarity or intimacy .
as regards persons , familiarity is becoming restricted to the undesirable sense , as in the proverb , " familiarity breeds contempt ; " hence , in personal relations , the word intimacy , which refers to mutual knowledge of thought and feeling , is now uniformly
preferred .
friendship includes acquaintance with some degree of intimacy , and ordinarily companionship , though in a wider sense friendship may exist between those who have never met , but know each other only by word and deed .
acquaintance does not involve friendship , for one may be well acquainted with an enemy .
fellowship involves not merely acquaintance and companionship , but sympathy as well .
there may be much friendship without much fellowship , as between those whose homes or pursuits are far apart .
there may be pleasant fellowship which does not reach the fulness of friendship .
compare attachment ; friendship ; love .
as regards studies , pursuits , etc . , acquaintance is less than familiarity , which supposes minute knowledge of particulars , arising often from long experience or association .
antonyms :
ignorance , ignoring , inexperience , unfamiliarity .
prepositions :
acquaintance with a subject ; of one person with another ; between persons .
* * * * *
acrimony .
synonyms :
acerbity , harshness , severity , tartness , asperity , malignity , sharpness , unkindness , bitterness , moroseness , sourness , virulence .
causticity ,
acerbity is a sharpness , with a touch of bitterness , which may arise from momentary annoyance or habitual impatience ; asperity is keener and more pronounced , denoting distinct irritation or vexation ; in speech asperity is often manifested by the tone of voice rather than
by the words that are spoken .
acrimony in speech or temper is like a corrosive acid ; it springs from settled character or deeply rooted feeling of aversion or unkindness .
one might speak with momentary asperity to his child , but not with acrimony , unless estrangement had begun .
malignity is the extreme of settled ill intent ; virulence is an envenomed hostility .
virulence of speech is a quality in language that makes the language seem as if exuding poison .
virulence is outspoken ; malignity may be covered with smooth and courteous phrase .
we say intense virulence , deep malignity .
severity is always painful , and may be terrible , but carries ordinarily the implication , true or false , of justice .
compare anger ; bitter ; enmity .
antonyms :
amiability , gentleness , kindness , smoothness , courtesy , good nature , mildness , sweetness .
* * * * *
act , n .
synonyms :
accomplishment , execution , movement , achievement , exercise , operation , action , exertion , performance , consummation , exploit , proceeding , deed , feat , transaction , doing , motion , work .
effect ,
an act is strictly and originally something accomplished by an exercise of power , in which sense it is synonymous with deed or effect .
action is a doing .
act is therefore single , individual , momentary ; action a complex of acts , or a process , state , or habit of exerting power .
we say a virtuous act , but rather a virtuous course of action .
we speak of the action of an acid upon a metal , not of its act .
act is used , also , for the simple exertion of power ; as , an act of will .
in this sense an act does not necessarily imply an external effect , while an action does .
morally , the act of murder is in the determination to kill ; legally , the act is not complete without the striking of the fatal blow .
act and deed are both used for the thing done , but act refers to the power put forth , deed to the result accomplished ; as , a voluntary act , a bad deed .
in connection with other words act is more usually qualified by the use of another noun , action by an adjective preceding ; we may say a kind act , though oftener an act of kindness , but only a kind action , not an action of
kindness .
as between act and deed , deed is commonly used of great , notable , and impressive acts , as are achievement , exploit , and feat .
festus : we live in deeds , not years ; in thoughts , not breaths .
bailey festus , a country town , sc .
7 .
a feat exhibits strength , skill , personal power , whether mental or physical , especially the latter ; as , a feat of arms , a feat of memory .
an exploit is a conspicuous or glorious deed , involving valor or heroism , usually combined with strength , skill , loftiness of thought , and readiness of resource ; an achievement is the doing of something great and noteworthy ; an exploit is brilliant , but
its effect may be transient ; an achievement is solid , and its effect enduring .
act and action are both in contrast to all that is merely passive and receptive .
the intensest action is easier than passive endurance .
antonyms :
cessation , immobility , inertia , quiet , suffering , deliberation , inaction , passion , [ a ] repose , suspension .
endurance , inactivity , quiescence , rest ,
[ a ] in philosophic sense .
* * * * *
active .
synonyms :
agile , energetic , officious , sprightly , alert , expeditious , prompt , spry , brisk , industrious , quick , supple , bustling , lively , ready , vigorous , busy , mobile , restless , wide awake .
diligent , nimble ,
active refers to both quickness and constancy of action ; in the former sense it is allied with agile , alert , brisk , etc . ; in the latter , with busy , diligent , industrious .
the active love employment , the busy are actually employed , the diligent and the industrious are habitually busy .
the restless are active from inability to keep quiet ; their activity may be without purpose , or out of all proportion to the purpose contemplated .
the officious are undesirably active in the affairs of others .
compare alert ; alive ; meddlesome .
antonyms :
dull , inactive , lazy , slow , heavy , indolent , quiescent , sluggish , idle , inert , quiet , stupid .
prepositions :
active in work , in a cause ; for an object , as for justice ; with persons or instrumentalities ; about something , as about other people's business .
* * * * *
acumen .
synonyms :
acuteness , insight , perspicacity , sharpness , cleverness , keenness , sagacity , shrewdness .
discernment , penetration ,
sharpness , acuteness , and insight , however keen , and penetration , however deep , fall short of the meaning of acumen , which implies also ability to use these qualities to advantage .
there are persons of keen insight and great penetration to whom these powers are practically useless .
acumen is sharpness to some purpose , and belongs to a mind that is comprehensive as well as keen .
cleverness is a practical aptitude for study or learning .
insight and discernment are applied oftenest to the judgment of character ; penetration and perspicacity to other subjects of knowledge .
sagacity is an uncultured skill in using quick perceptions for a desired end , generally in practical affairs ; acumen may increase with study , and applies to the most erudite matters .
shrewdness is keenness or sagacity , often with a somewhat evil bias , as ready to take advantage of duller intellects .
perspicacity is the power to see clearly through that which is difficult or involved .
we speak of the acuteness of an observer or a reasoner , the insight and discernment of a student , a clergyman , or a merchant , the sagacity of a hound , the keenness of a debater , the shrewdness of a usurer , the penetration
, perspicacity , and acumen of a philosopher .
antonyms :
bluntness , dulness , obtuseness , stupidity .
* * * * *
add .
synonyms :
adjoin , annex , augment , extend , make up , affix , append , cast up , increase , subjoin , amplify , attach , enlarge , join on , sum up .
to add is to increase by adjoining or uniting : in distinction from multiply , which is to increase by repeating .
to augment a thing is to increase it by any means , but this word is seldom used directly of material objects ; we do not augment a house , a farm , a nation , etc .
we may enlarge a house , a farm , or an empire , extend influence or dominion , augment riches , power or influence , attach or annex a building to one that it adjoins or papers to the document they refer to , annex a clause
or a codicil , affix a seal or a signature , annex a territory , attach a condition to a promise .
a speaker may amplify a discourse by a fuller treatment throughout than was originally planned , or he may append or subjoin certain remarks without change of what has gone before .
we cast up or sum up an account , though add up and make up are now more usual expressions .
antonyms :
abstract , diminish , lessen , remove , withdraw .
deduct , dissever , reduce , subtract ,
preposition :
other items are to be added to the account .
* * * * *
addicted .
synonyms :
abandoned , devoted , given over , inclined , accustomed , disposed , given up , prone , attached , given , habituated , wedded .
one is addicted to that which he has allowed to gain a strong , habitual , and enduring hold upon action , inclination , or involuntary tendency , as to a habit or indulgence .
a man may be accustomed to labor , attached to his profession , devoted to his religion , given to study or to gluttony ( in the bad sense , given over , or given up , is a stronger and more hopeless expression , as is
abandoned ) .
one inclined to luxury may become habituated to poverty .
one is wedded to that which has become a second nature ; as , one is wedded to science or to art .
prone is used only in a bad sense , and generally of natural tendencies ; as , our hearts are prone to evil .
abandoned tells of the acquired viciousness of one who has given himself up to wickedness .
addicted may be used in a good , but more frequently a bad sense ; as , addicted to study ; addicted to drink .
devoted is used chiefly in the good sense ; as , a mother's devoted affection .
antonyms :
averse , disinclined , indisposed , unaccustomed .
preposition :
addicted to vice .
* * * * *
address , v .
synonyms :
cost , approach , hail , speak to , apostrophize , court , salute , woo .
appeal , greet ,
to accost is to speak first , to friend or stranger , generally with a view to opening conversation ; greet is not so distinctly limited , since one may return another's greeting ; greet and hail may imply but a passing word ; greeting may be
altogether silent ; to hail is to greet in a loud - voiced and commonly hearty and joyous way , as appears in the expression " hail fellow , well met . " to salute is to greet with special token of respect , as a soldier
his commander .
to apostrophize is to solemnly address some person or personified attribute apart from the audience to whom one is speaking ; as , a preacher may apostrophize virtue , the saints of old , or even the deity .
to appeal is strictly to call for some form of help or support .
address is slightly more formal than accost or greet , though it may often be interchanged with them .
one may address another at considerable length or in writing ; he accosts orally and briefly .
antonyms :
avoid , elude , overlook , pass by , cut , ignore , pass , shun .
prepositions :
address the memorial to the legislature ; the president addressed the people in an eloquent speech ; he addressed an intruder with indignation .
* * * * *
address , n .
synonyms :
adroitness , discretion , manners , readiness , courtesy , ingenuity , politeness , tact .
dexterity ,
address is that indefinable something which enables a man to gain his object without seeming exertion or contest , and generally with the favor and approval of those with whom he deals .
it is a general power to direct to the matter in hand whatever qualities are most needed for it at the moment .
it includes adroitness and discretion to know what to do or say and what to avoid ; ingenuity to devise ; readiness to speak or act ; the dexterity that comes of practise ; and tact , which is the power of fine touch as applied to
human character and feeling .
courtesy and politeness are indispensable elements of good address .
compare speech .
antonyms :
awkwardness , clumsiness , ill - breeding , stupidity , boorishness , fatuity , ill manners , unmannerliness , clownishness , folly , rudeness , unwisdom .
prepositions :
address in dealing with opponents ; the address of an accomplished intriguer ; an address to the audience .
* * * * *
adequate .
synonyms :
able , competent , fitted , satisfactory , adapted , equal , fitting , sufficient , capable , fit , qualified , suitable .
commensurate ,
adequate , commensurate , and sufficient signify equal to some given occasion or work ; as , a sum sufficient to meet expenses ; an adequate remedy for the disease .
commensurate is the more precise and learned word , signifying that which exactly measures the matter in question .
adapted , fit , suitable , and qualified refer to the qualities which match or suit the occasion .
a clergyman may have strength adequate to the work of a porter ; but that would not be a fit or suitable occupation for him .
work is satisfactory if it satisfies those for whom it is done , though it may be very poor work judged by some higher standard .
qualified refers to acquired abilities ; competent to both natural and acquired ; a qualified teacher may be no longer competent , by reason of ill health .
able and capable suggest general ability and reserved power , able being the higher word of the two .
an able man will do something well in any position .
a capable man will come up to any ordinary demand .
we say an able orator , a capable accountant .
antonyms :
disqualified , inferior , unequal , unsatisfactory , useless , inadequate , insufficient , unfit , unsuitable , worthless .
incompetent , poor , unqualified ,
prepositions :
adequate to the demand ; for the purpose .
* * * * *
adherent .
synonyms :
aid , ally , disciple , partisan , supporter .
aider , backer , follower ,
an adherent is one who is devoted or attached to a person , party , principle , cause , creed , or the like .
one may be an aider and supporter of a party or church , while not an adherent to all its doctrines or claims .
an ally is more independent still , as he may differ on every point except the specific ground of union .
the allies who overthrew napoleon were united only against him .
allies are regarded as equals ; adherents and disciples are followers .
the adherent depends more on his individual judgment , the disciple is more subject to command and instruction ; thus we say the disciples rather than the adherents of christ .
partisan has the narrow and odious sense of adhesion to a party , right or wrong .
one may be an adherent or supporter of a party and not a partisan .
backer is a sporting and theatrical word , personal in its application , and not in the best usage .
compare accessory .
antonyms :
adversary , betrayer , enemy , opponent , traitor .
antagonist , deserter , hater , renegade ,
prepositions :
adherents to principle ; adherents of luther .
* * * * *
adhesive .
synonyms :
cohesive , gummy , sticky , viscous .
glutinous , sticking , viscid ,
adhesive is the scientific , sticking or sticky the popular word .
that which is adhesive tends to join itself to the surface of any other body with which it is placed in contact ; cohesive expresses the tendency of particles of the same substance to hold together .
polished plate glass is not adhesive , but such plates packed together are intensely cohesive .
an adhesive plaster is in popular language a sticking - plaster .
sticky expresses a more limited , and generally annoying , degree of the same quality .
glutinous , gummy , viscid , and viscous are applied to fluid or semi - fluid substances , as pitch or tar .
antonyms :
free , inadhesive , loose , separable .
preposition :
the stiff , wet clay , adhesive to the foot , impeded progress .
* * * * *
adjacent .
synonyms :
abutting , bordering , contiguous , neighboring , adjoining , close , coterminous , next , attached , conterminous , near , nigh .
beside ,
adjacent farms may not be connected ; if adjoining , they meet at the boundary - line .
conterminous would imply that their dimensions were exactly equal on the side where they adjoin .
contiguous may be used for either adjacent or adjoining .
abutting refers rather to the end of one building or estate than to the neighborhood of another .
buildings may be adjacent or adjoining that are not attached .
near is a relative word , places being called near upon the railroad which would elsewhere be deemed remote .
neighboring always implies such proximity that the inhabitants may be neighbors .
next views some object as the nearest of several or many ; next neighbor implies a neighborhood .
antonyms :
detached , disconnected , disjoined , distant , remote , separate .
preposition :
the farm was adjacent to the village .
* * * * *
admire .
synonyms :
adore , delight in , extol , respect , venerate , applaud , enjoy , honor , revere , wonder .
approve , esteem , love ,
in the old sense of wonder , admire is practically obsolete ; the word now expresses a delight and approval , in which the element of wonder unconsciously mingles .
we admire beauty in nature and art , delight in the innocent happiness of children , enjoy books or society , a walk or a dinner .
we approve what is excellent , applaud heroic deeds , esteem the good , love our friends .
we honor and respect noble character wherever found ; we revere and venerate it in the aged .
we extol the goodness and adore the majesty and power of god .
antonyms :
abhor , contemn , detest , execrate , ridicule , abominate , despise , dislike , hate , scorn .
preposition :
admire at may still very rarely be found in the old sense of wonder at .
* * * * *
adorn .
synonyms :
beautify , decorate , garnish , illustrate , bedeck , embellish , gild , ornament .
deck ,
to embellish is to brighten and enliven by adding something that is not necessarily or very closely connected with that to which it is added ; to illustrate is to add something so far like in kind as to cast a side - light upon the principal
matter .
an author embellishes his narrative with fine descriptions , the artist illustrates it with beautiful engravings , the binder gilds and decorates the volume .
garnish is on a lower plane ; as , the feast was garnished with flowers .
deck and bedeck are commonly said of apparel ; as , a mother bedecks her daughter with silk and jewels .
to adorn and to ornament alike signify to add that which makes anything beautiful and attractive , but ornament is more exclusively on the material plane ; as , the gateway was ornamented with delicate carving .
adorn is more lofty and spiritual , referring to a beauty which is not material , and can not be put on by ornaments or decorations , but seems in perfect harmony and unity with that to which it adds a grace ; if we say ,
the gateway was adorned with beautiful carving , we imply a unity and loftiness of design such as ornamented can not express .
we say of some admirable scholar or statesman , " he touched nothing that he did not adorn . "
at church , with meek and unaffected grace , his looks adorned the venerable place .
goldsmith deserted village , l .
178 .
antonyms :
deface , deform , disfigure , mar , spoil .
preposition :
adorn his temples with a coronet .
* * * * *
affront .
synonyms :
aggravate , exasperate , offend , vex , annoy , insult , provoke , wound .
displease , irritate , tease ,
one may be annoyed by the well - meaning awkwardness of a servant , irritated by a tight shoe or a thoughtless remark , vexed at some careless neglect or needless misfortune , wounded by the ingratitude of child or friend .
to tease is to give some slight and perhaps playful annoyance .
aggravate in the sense of offend is colloquial .
to provoke , literally to call out or challenge , is to begin a contest ; one provokes another to violence .
to affront is to offer some defiant offense or indignity , as it were , to one's face ; it is somewhat less than to insult .
compare pique .
antonyms :
conciliate , content , gratify , honor , please .
* * * * *
agent .
synonyms :
actor , factor , means , operator , promoter .
doer , instrument , mover , performer ,
in strict philosophical usage , the prime mover or doer of an act is the agent .
thus we speak of man as a voluntary agent , a free agent .
but in common usage , especially in business , an agent is not the prime actor , but only an instrument or factor , acting under orders or instructions .
compare cause .
antonyms :
chief , inventor , originator , principal .
prepositions :
an agent of the company for selling , etc .
* * * * *
agree .
synonyms :
accede , admit , coincide , concur , accept , approve , combine , consent , accord , assent , comply , harmonize .
acquiesce ,
agree is the most general term of this group , signifying to have like qualities , proportions , views , or inclinations , so as to be free from jar , conflict , or contradiction in a given relation .
to concur is to agree in general ; to coincide is to agree in every particular .
whether in application to persons or things , concur tends to expression in action more than coincide ; we may either concur or coincide in an opinion , but concur in a decision ; views coincide , causes concur .
one accepts another's terms , complies with his wishes , admits his statement , approves his plan , conforms to his views of doctrine or duty , accedes or consents to his proposal .
accede expresses the more formal agreement , consent the more complete .
to assent is an act of the understanding ; to consent , of the will .
we may concur or agree with others , either in opinion or decision .
one may silently acquiesce in that which does not meet his views , but which he does not care to contest .
he admits the charge brought , or the statement made , by another - - admit always carrying a suggestion of reluctance .
assent is sometimes used for a mild form of consent , as if agreement in the opinion assured approval of the decision .
antonyms :
contend , demur , disagree , oppose , contradict , deny , dispute , protest , decline , differ , dissent , refuse .
prepositions :
i agree in opinion with the speaker ; to the terms proposed ; persons agree on or upon a statement of principles , rules , etc . ; we must agree among ourselves .
* * * * *
agriculture .
synonyms :
cultivation , gardening , kitchen - gardening , culture , horticulture , market - gardening , farming , husbandry , tillage .
floriculture ,
agriculture is the generic term , including at once the science , the art , and the process of supplying human wants by raising the products of the soil , and by the associated industries ; farming is the practise of agriculture as a business ; there
may be theoretical agriculture , but not theoretical farming ; we speak of the science of agriculture , the business of farming ; scientific agriculture may be wholly in books ; scientific farming is practised upon the land ; we say an agricultural college rather than a
college of farming .
farming refers to the cultivation of considerable portions of land , and the raising of the coarser crops ; gardening is the close cultivation of a small area for small fruits , flowers , vegetables , etc . , and while it may be done upon a
farm is yet a distinct industry .
gardening in general , kitchen - gardening , the cultivation of vegetables , etc . , for the household , market - gardening , the raising of the same for sale , floriculture , the culture of flowers , and horticulture , the culture of fruits ,
flowers , or vegetables , are all departments of agriculture , but not strictly nor ordinarily of farming ; farming is itself one department of agriculture .
husbandry is a general word for any form of practical agriculture , but is now chiefly poetical .
tillage refers directly to the work bestowed upon the land , as plowing , manuring , etc . ; cultivation refers especially to the processes that bring forward the crop ; we speak of the tillage of the soil , the cultivation of corn ; we also
speak of land as in a state of cultivation , under cultivation , etc .
culture is now applied to the careful development of any product to a state of perfection , especially by care through successive generations ; the choice varieties of the strawberry have been produced by wise and patient culture ; a good crop in any year is the
result of good cultivation .
* * * * *
aim .
synonyms :
aspiration , endeavor , intention , tendency .
design , goal , mark , determination , inclination , object , end , intent , purpose ,
the aim is the direction in which one shoots , or sometimes that which is aimed at .
the mark is that at which one shoots ; the goal , that toward which one runs .
all alike indicate the direction of endeavor .
the end is the point at which one expects or hopes to close his labors ; the object , that which he would grasp as the reward of his labors .
aspiration , design , endeavor , purpose , referring to the mental acts by which the aim is attained , are often used as interchangeable with aim .
aspiration applies to what are viewed as noble aims ; endeavor , design , intention , purpose , indifferently to the best or worst .
aspiration has less of decision than the other terms ; one may aspire to an object , and yet lack the fixedness of purpose by which alone it can be attained .
purpose is stronger than intention .
design especially denotes the adaptation of means to an end ; endeavor refers to the exertions by which it is to be attained .
one whose aims are worthy , whose aspirations are high , whose designs are wise , and whose purposes are steadfast , may hope to reach the goal of his ambition , and will surely win some object worthy of a life's endeavor .
compare ambition ; design .
antonyms :
aimlessness , heedlessness , negligence , purposelessness , avoidance , neglect , oversight , thoughtlessness .
carelessness ,
* * * * *
air .
synonyms :
appearance , demeanor , manner , sort , bearing , expression , mien , style , behavior , fashion , port , way .
carriage , look ,
air is that combination of qualities which makes the entire impression we receive in a person's presence ; as , we say he has the air of a scholar , or the air of a villain .
appearance refers more to the dress and other externals .
we might say of a travel - soiled pedestrian , he has the appearance of a tramp , but the air of a gentleman .
expression and look especially refer to the face .
expression is oftenest applied to that which is habitual ; as , he has a pleasant expression of countenance ; look may be momentary ; as , a look of dismay passed over his face .
we may , however , speak of the look or looks as indicating all that we look at ; as , he had the look of an adventurer ; i did not like his looks .
bearing is rather a lofty word ; as , he has a noble bearing ; port is practically identical in meaning with bearing , but is more exclusively a literary word .
carriage , too , is generally used in a good sense ; as , that lady has a good carriage .
mien is closely synonymous with air , but less often used in a bad sense .
we say a rakish air rather than a rakish mien .
mien may be used to express some prevailing feeling ; as , " an indignant mien . " demeanor goes beyond appearance , including conduct , behavior ; as , a modest demeanor .
manner and style are , in large part at least , acquired .
compare behavior .
* * * * *
airy .
synonyms :
aerial , ethereal , frolicsome , joyous , lively , animated , fairylike , gay , light , sprightly .
aerial and airy both signify of or belonging to the air , but airy also describes that which seems as if made of air ; we speak of airy shapes , airy nothings , where we could not well say aerial ; ethereal describes its object as
belonging to the upper air , the pure ether , and so , often , heavenly .
sprightly , spiritlike , refers to light , free , cheerful activity of mind and body .
that which is lively or animated may be agreeable or the reverse ; as , an animated discussion ; a lively company .
antonyms :
clumsy , heavy , ponderous , sluggish , wooden .
dull , inert , slow , stony ,
* * * * *
alarm .
synonyms :
affright , disquietude , fright , solicitude , apprehension , dread , misgiving , terror , consternation , fear , panic , timidity .
dismay ,
alarm , according to its derivation all'arme , " to arms , " is an arousing to meet and repel danger , and may be quite consistent with true courage .
affright and fright express sudden fear which , for the time at least , overwhelms courage .
the sentinel discovers with alarm the sudden approach of the enemy ; the unarmed villagers view it with affright .
apprehension , disquietude , dread , misgiving , and solicitude are in anticipation of danger ; consternation , dismay , and terror are overwhelming fear , generally in the actual presence of that which is terrible , though these words also may have an anticipative force .
timidity is a quality , habit , or condition , a readiness to be affected with fear .
a person of great timidity is constantly liable to needless alarm and even terror .
compare fear .
antonyms :
assurance , calmness , confidence , repose , security .
prepositions :
alarm was felt in the camp , among the soldiers , at the news .
* * * * *
alert .
synonyms :
active , lively , prepared , vigilant , brisk , nimble , prompt , watchful , hustling , on the watch , ready , wide - awake .
alert , ready , and wide - awake refer to a watchful promptness for action .
ready suggests thoughtful preparation ; the wandering indian is alert , the trained soldier is ready .
ready expresses more life and vigor than prepared .
the gun is prepared ; the man is ready .
prompt expresses readiness for appointment or demand at the required moment .
the good general is ready for emergencies , alert to perceive opportunity or peril , prompt to seize occasion .
the sense of brisk , nimble is the secondary and now less common signification of alert .
compare active ; alive ; nimble ; vigilant .
antonyms :
drowsy , dull , heavy , inactive , slow , sluggish , stupid .
* * * * *
alien , a .
synonyms :
conflicting , distant , inappropriate , strange , contradictory , foreign , irrelevant , unconnected , contrary , hostile , opposed , unlike .
contrasted , impertinent , remote ,
foreign refers to difference of birth , alien to difference of allegiance .
in their figurative use , that is foreign which is remote , unlike , or unconnected ; that is alien which is conflicting , hostile , or opposed .
impertinent and irrelevant matters can not claim consideration in a certain connection ; inappropriate matters could not properly be considered .
compare alien , n . ; contrast , v .
antonyms :
akin , apropos , germane , proper , appropriate , essential , pertinent , relevant .
prepositions :
such a purpose was alien to ( or from ) my thought : to preferable .
* * * * *
alien , n .
synonyms :
foreigner , stranger .
a naturalized citizen is not an alien , though a foreigner by birth , and perhaps a stranger in the place where he resides .
a person of foreign birth not naturalized is an alien , though he may have been resident in the country a large part of a lifetime , and ceased to be a stranger to its people or institutions .
he is an alien in one country if his allegiance is to another .
the people of any country still residing in their own land are , strictly speaking , foreigners to the people of all other countries , rather than aliens ; but alien and foreigner are often used synonymously .
antonyms :
citizen , fellow - countryman , native - born inhabitant , countryman , native , naturalized person .
prepositions :
aliens to ( more rarely from ) our nation and laws ; aliens in our land , among our people .
* * * * *
alike .
synonyms :
akin , equivalent , kindred , same , analogous , homogeneous , like , similar , equal , identical , resembling , uniform .
alike is a comprehensive word , signifying as applied to two or more objects that some or all qualities of one are the same as those of the other or others ; by modifiers alike may be made to express more or less resemblance ; as ,
these houses are somewhat ( i .
e . , partially ) alike ; or , these houses are exactly ( i .
e . , in all respects ) alike .
cotton and wool are alike in this , that they can both be woven into cloth .
substances are homogeneous which are made up of elements of the same kind , or which are the same in structure .
two pieces of iron may be homogeneous in material , while not alike in size or shape .
in geometry , two triangles are equal when they can be laid over one another , and fit , line for line and angle for angle ; they are equivalent when they simply contain the same amount of space .
an identical proposition is one that says the same thing precisely in subject and predicate .
similar refers to close resemblance , which yet leaves room for question or denial of complete likeness or identity .
to say " this is the identical man , " is to say not merely that he is similar to the one i have in mind , but that he is the very same person .
things are analogous when they are similar in idea , plan , use , or character , tho perhaps quite unlike in appearance ; as , the gills of fishes are said to be analogous to the lungs in terrestrial animals .
antonyms :
different , dissimilar , distinct , heterogeneous , unlike .
prepositions :
the specimens are alike in kind ; they are all alike to me .
* * * * *
alive .
synonyms :
active , breathing , live , quick , alert , brisk , lively , subsisting , animate , existent , living , vivacious .
animated , existing ,
alive applies to all degrees of life , from that which shows one to be barely existing or existent as a living thing , as when we say he is just alive , to that which implies the very utmost of vitality and power , as in
the words " he is all alive , " " thoroughly alive . " so the word quick , which began by signifying " having life , " is now mostly applied to energy of life as shown in swiftness of action .
breathing is capable of like contrast .
we say of a dying man , he is still breathing ; or we speak of a breathing statue , or " breathing and sounding , beauteous battle , " tennyson princess can .
v , l .
155 , where it means having , or seeming to have , full and vigorous breath , abundant life .
compare active ; alert ; nimble .
antonyms :
dead , defunct , dull , lifeless , deceased , dispirited , inanimate , spiritless .
prepositions :
alive in every nerve ; alive to every noble impulse ; alive with fervor , hope , resolve ; alive through all his being .
* * * * *
allay .
synonyms :
alleviate , compose , quiet , still , appease , mollify , soothe , tranquilize .
calm , pacify ,
allay and alleviate are closely kindred in signification , and have been often interchanged in usage .
but , in strictness , to allay is to lay to rest , quiet or soothe that which is excited ; to alleviate , on the other hand , is to lighten a burden .
we allay suffering by using means to soothe and tranquilize the sufferer ; we alleviate suffering by doing something toward removal of the cause , so that there is less to suffer ; where the trouble is wholly or chiefly in the excitement , to allay the
excitement is virtually to remove the trouble ; as , to allay rage or panic ; we alleviate poverty , but do not allay it .
pacify , directly from the latin , and appease , from the latin through the french , signify to bring to peace ; to mollify is to soften ; to calm , quiet , or tranquilize is to make still ; compose , to place together ,
unite , adjust to a calm and settled condition ; to soothe ( originally to assent to , humor ) is to bring to pleased quietude .
we allay excitement , appease a tumult , calm agitation , compose our feelings or countenance , pacify the quarrelsome , quiet the boisterous or clamorous , soothe grief or distress .
compare alleviate .
antonyms :
agitate , excite , kindle , rouse , stir up .
arouse , fan , provoke , stir ,
* * * * *
allege .
synonyms :
adduce , asseverate , claim , maintain , produce , advance , assign , declare , offer , say , affirm , aver , introduce , plead , state .
assert , cite ,
to allege is formally to state as true or capable of proof , but without proving .
to adduce , literally to lead to , is to bring the evidence up to what has been alleged .
adduce is a secondary word ; nothing can be adduced in evidence till something has been stated or alleged , which the evidence is to sustain .
an alleged fact stands open to question or doubt .
to speak of an alleged document , an alleged will , an alleged crime , is either to question , or at least very carefully to refrain from admitting , that the document exists , that the will is genuine , or that the crime has been
committed .
alleged is , however , respectful ; to speak of the " so - called " will or deed , etc . , would be to cast discredit upon the document , and imply that the speaker was ready to brand it as unquestionably spurious ; alleged
simply concedes nothing and leaves the question open .
to produce is to bring forward , as , for instance , papers or persons .
adduce is not used of persons ; of them we say introduce or produce .
when an alleged criminal is brought to trial , the counsel on either side are accustomed to advance a theory , and adduce the strongest possible evidence in its support ; they will produce documents and witnesses , cite precedents , assign reasons , introduce suggestions ,
offer pleas .
the accused will usually assert his innocence .
compare state .
* * * * *
allegiance .
synonyms :
devotion , fealty , loyalty , obedience , subjection .
faithfulness , homage ,
allegiance is the obligation of fidelity and obedience that an individual owes to his government or sovereign , in return for the protection he receives .
the feudal uses of these words have mostly passed away with the state of society that gave them birth ; but their origin still colors their present meaning .
a patriotic american feels an enthusiastic loyalty to the republic ; he takes , on occasion , an oath of allegiance to the government , but his loyalty will lead him to do more than mere allegiance could demand ; he pays homage to god alone ,
as the only king and lord , or to those principles of right that are spiritually supreme ; he acknowledges the duty of obedience to all rightful authority ; he resents the idea of subjection .
fealty is becoming somewhat rare , except in elevated or poetic style .
we prefer to speak of the faithfulness rather than the fealty of citizen , wife , or friend .
antonyms :
disaffection , disloyalty , rebellion , sedition , treason .
prepositions :
we honor the allegiance of the citizen to the government ; the government has a right to allegiance from the citizen .
* * * * *
allegory .
synonyms :
fable , fiction , illustration , metaphor , parable , simile .
in modern usage we may say that an allegory is an extended simile , while a metaphor is an abbreviated simile contained often in a phrase , perhaps in a word .
the simile carries its comparison on the surface , in the words as , like , or similar expressions ; the metaphor is given directly without any note of comparison .
the allegory , parable , or fable tells its story as if true , leaving the reader or hearer to discover its fictitious character and learn its lesson .
all these are , in strict definition , fictions ; but the word fiction is now applied almost exclusively to novels or romances .
an allegory is a moral or religious tale , of which the moral lesson is the substance , and all descriptions and incidents but accessories , as in " the pilgrim's progress . " a fable is generally briefer , representing animals as the speakers and actors
, and commonly conveying some lesson of practical wisdom or shrewdness , as " the fables of aesop . " a parable is exclusively moral or religious , briefer and less adorned than an allegory , with its lesson more immediately discernible , given , as it
were , at a stroke .
any comparison , analogy , instance , example , tale , anecdote , or the like which serves to let in light upon a subject may be called an illustration , this word in its widest use including all the rest .
compare fiction ; story .
antonyms :
chronicle , fact , history , narrative , record .
* * * * *
alleviate .
synonyms :
abate , lighten , reduce , remove , assuage , mitigate , relieve , soften .
lessen , moderate ,
etymologically , to alleviate is to lift a burden toward oneself , and so lighten it for the bearer ; to relieve is to lift it back from the bearer , nearly or quite away ; to remove is to take it away altogether .
alleviate is thus less than relieve ; relieve , ordinarily , less than remove .
we alleviate , relieve or remove the trouble ; we relieve , not alleviate , the sufferer .
assuage is , by derivation , to sweeten ; mitigate , to make mild ; moderate , to bring within measure ; abate , to beat down , and so make less .
we abate a fever ; lessen anxiety ; moderate passions or desires ; lighten burdens ; mitigate or alleviate pain ; reduce inflammation ; soften , assuage , or moderate grief ; we lighten or mitigate punishments ; we relieve any suffering of body or mind that
admits of help , comfort , or remedy .
alleviate has been often confused with allay .
compare allay .
antonyms :
aggravate , embitter , heighten , intensify , make worse .
augment , enhance , increase , magnify ,
* * * * *
alliance .
synonyms :
coalition , confederation , fusion , partnership , compact , federation , league , union .
confederacy ,
alliance is in its most common use a connection formed by treaty between sovereign states as for mutual aid in war .
partnership is a mercantile word ; alliance chiefly political or matrimonial .
coalition is oftenest used of political parties ; fusion is now the more common word in this sense .
in an alliance between nations there is no surrender of sovereignty , and no union except for a specified time and purpose .
league and alliance are used with scarcely perceptible difference of meaning .
in a confederacy or confederation there is an attempt to unite separate states in a general government without surrender of sovereignty .
union implies so much concession as to make the separate states substantially one .
federation is mainly a poetic and rhetorical word expressing something of the same thought , as in tennyson's " federation of the world , " locksley hall , l .
128 .
the united states is not a confederacy nor an alliance ; the nation might be called a federation , but prefers to be styled a federal union .
antonyms :
antagonism , disunion , enmity , schism , separation , discord , divorce , hostility , secession , war .
prepositions :
alliance with a neighboring people ; against the common enemy ; for offense and defense ; alliance of , between , or among nations .
* * * * *
allot .
synonyms :
appoint , destine , give , portion out , apportion , distribute , grant , select , assign , divide , mete out , set apart .
award ,
allot , originally to assign by lot , applies to the giving of a definite thing to a certain person .
a portion or extent of time is allotted ; as , i expect to live out my allotted time .
a definite period is appointed ; as , the audience assembled at the appointed hour .
allot may also refer to space ; as , to allot a plot of ground for a cemetery ; but we now oftener use select , set apart , or assign .
allot is not now used of persons .
appoint may be used of time , space , or person ; as , the appointed day ; the appointed place ; an officer was appointed to this station .
destine may also refer to time , place , or person , but it always has reference to what is considerably in the future ; a man appoints to meet his friend in five minutes ; he destines his son to follow his own profession .
assign is rarely used of time , but rather of places , persons , or things .
we assign a work to be done and assign a man to do it , who , if he fails , must assign a reason for not doing it .
that which is allotted , appointed , or assigned is more or less arbitrary ; that which is awarded is the due requital of something the receiver has done , and he has right and claim to it ; as , the medal was awarded for valor
.
compare apportion .
antonyms :
appropriate , deny , resume , seize , confiscate , refuse , retain , withhold .
prepositions :
allot to a company for a purpose .
* * * * *
allow .
synonyms :
admit , consent to , let , sanction , tolerate , concede , grant , permit , suffer , yield .
we allow that which we do not attempt to hinder ; we permit that to which we give some express authorization .
when this is given verbally it is called permission ; when in writing it is commonly called a permit .
there are establishments that any one will be allowed to visit without challenge or hindrance ; there are others that no one is allowed to visit without a permit from the manager ; there are others to which visitors are admitted at specified times , without a
formal permit .
we allow a child's innocent intrusion ; we concede a right ; grant a request ; consent to a sale of property ; permit an inspection of accounts ; sanction a marriage ; tolerate the rudeness of a well - meaning servant ; submit to a surgical
operation ; yield to a demand or necessity against our wish or will , or yield something under compulsion ; as , the sheriff yielded the keys at the muzzle of a revolver , and allowed the mob to enter .
suffer , in the sense of mild concession , is now becoming rare , its place being taken by allow , permit , or tolerate .
compare permission .
antonyms :
deny , disapprove , protest , reject , withstand .
disallow , forbid , refuse , resist ,
see also synonyms for prohibit .
prepositions :
to allow of ( in best recent usage , simply to allow ) such an action ; allow one in such a course ; allow for spending - money .
* * * * *
alloy .
synonyms :
admixture , adulteration , debasement , deterioration .
alloy may be either some admixture of baser with precious metal , as for giving hardness to coin or the like , or it may be a compound or mixture of two or more metals .
adulteration , debasement , and deterioration are always used in the bad sense ; admixture is neutral , and may be good or bad ; alloy is commonly good in the literal sense .
an excess of alloy virtually amounts to adulteration ; but adulteration is now mostly restricted to articles used for food , drink , medicine , and kindred uses .
in the figurative sense , as applied to character , etc . , alloy is unfavorable , because there the only standard is perfection .
* * * * *
allude .
synonyms :
advert , indicate , intimate , point , signify , hint , insinuate , mention , refer , suggest .
imply ,
advert , mention , and refer are used of language that more or less distinctly utters a certain thought ; the others of language from which it may be inferred .
we allude to a matter slightly , perhaps by a word or phrase , as it were in byplay ; we advert to it when we turn from our path to treat it ; we refer to it by any clear utterance that distinctly turns the mind
or attention to it ; as , marginal figures refer to a parallel passage ; we mention a thing by explicit word , as by naming it .
the speaker adverted to the recent disturbances and the remissness of certain public officers ; tho he mentioned no name , it was easy to see to whom he alluded .
one may hint at a thing in a friendly way , but what is insinuated is always unfavorable , generally both hostile and cowardly .
one may indicate his wishes , intimate his plans , imply his opinion , signify his will , suggest a course of action .
compare suggestion .
preposition :
the passage evidently alludes to the jewish passover .
* * * * *
allure .
synonyms :
attract , captivate , decoy , entice , lure , tempt , cajole , coax , draw , inveigle , seduce , win .
to allure is to draw as with a lure by some charm or some prospect of pleasure or advantage .
we may attract others to a certain thing without intent ; as , the good unconsciously attract others to virtue .
we may allure either to that which is evil or to that which is good and noble , by purpose and endeavor , as in the familiar line , " allured to brighter worlds , and led the way , " goldsmith deserted village , l .
170 .
lure is rather more akin to the physical nature .
it is the word we would use of drawing on an animal .
coax expresses the attraction of the person , not of the thing .
a man may be coaxed to that which is by no means alluring .
cajole and decoy carry the idea of deceiving and ensnaring .
to inveigle is to lead one blindly in .
to tempt is to endeavor to lead one wrong ; to seduce is to succeed in winning one from good to ill .
win may be used in either a bad or a good sense , in which latter it surpasses the highest sense of allure , because it succeeds in that which allure attempts ; as , " he that winneth souls is wise , " prov .
xi , 30 .
antonyms :
chill , damp , deter , dissuade , drive away , repel , warn .
prepositions :
allure to a course ; allure by hopes ; allure from evil to good .
* * * * *
also .
synonyms :
as well , in addition , likewise , too , as well as , in like manner , similarly , withal .
besides ,
while some distinctions between these words and phrases will appear to the careful student , yet in practise the choice between them is largely to secure euphony and avoid repetition .
the words fall into two groups ; as well as , besides , in addition , too , withal , simply add a fact or thought ; also ( all so ) , in like manner , likewise , similarly , affirm that what is added is
like that to which it is added .
as well follows the word or phrase to which it is joined .
we can say the singers as well as the players , or the players , and the singers as well .
antonyms :
but , nevertheless , on the contrary , yet .
in spite of , notwithstanding , on the other hand ,
* * * * *
alternative .
synonyms :
choice , election , option , pick , preference , resource .
a choice may be among many things ; an alternative is in the strictest sense a choice between two things ; oftener it is one of two things between which a choice is to be made , and either of which is the alternative of the other
; as , the alternative of surrender is death ; or the two things between which there is a choice may be called the alternatives ; both mill and gladstone are quoted as extending the meaning of alternative to include several particulars , gladstone even speaking of
" the fourth and last of these alternatives . " option is the right or privilege of choosing ; choice may be either the right to choose , the act of choosing , or the thing chosen .
a person of ability and readiness will commonly have many resources .
pick , from the saxon , and election , from the latin , picture the objects before one , with freedom and power to choose which he will ; as , there were twelve horses , among which i could take my pick .
a choice , pick , election , or preference is that which suits one best ; an alternative is that to which one is restricted ; a resource , that to which one is glad to betake oneself .
antonyms :
compulsion , necessity .
* * * * *
amass .
synonyms :
accumulate , collect , heap up , hoard up , store up .
aggregate , gather , hoard , pile up ,
to amass is to bring together materials that make a mass , a great bulk or quantity .
with some occasional exceptions , accumulate is applied to the more gradual , amass to the more rapid gathering of money or materials , amass referring to the general result or bulk , accumulate to the particular process or rate of gain .
we say interest is accumulated ( or accumulates ) rather than is amassed ; he accumulated a fortune in the course of years ; he rapidly amassed a fortune by shrewd speculations .
goods or money for immediate distribution are said to be collected rather than amassed .
they may be stored up for a longer or shorter time ; but to hoard is always with a view of permanent retention , generally selfish .
aggregate is now most commonly used of numbers and amounts ; as , the expenses will aggregate a round million .
antonyms :
disperse , divide , portion , spend , waste .
dissipate , parcel , scatter , squander ,
prepositions :
amass for oneself ; for a purpose ; from a distance ; with great labor ; by industry .
* * * * *
amateur .
synonyms :
connoisseur , critic , dilettante , novice , tyro .
etymologically , the amateur is one who loves , the connoisseur one who knows .
in usage , the term amateur is applied to one who pursues any study or art simply from the love of it ; the word carries a natural implication of superficialness , tho marked excellence is at times attained by amateurs .
a connoisseur is supposed to be so thoroughly informed regarding any art or work as to be able to criticize or select intelligently and authoritatively ; there are many incompetent critics , but there can not , in the true sense , be an incompetent connoisseur .
the amateur practises to some extent that in regard to which he may not be well informed ; the connoisseur is well informed in regard to that which he may not practise at all .
a novice or tyro may be a professional ; an amateur never is ; the amateur may be skilled and experienced as the novice or tyro never is .
dilettante , which had originally the sense of amateur , has to some extent come to denote one who is superficial , pretentious , and affected , whether in theory or practise .
preposition :
an amateur in art .
* * * * *
amazement .
synonyms :
admiration , awe , confusion , surprise , astonishment , bewilderment , perplexity , wonder .
amazement and astonishment both express the momentary overwhelming of the mind by that which is beyond expectation .
astonishment especially affects the emotions , amazement the intellect .
awe is the yielding of the mind to something supremely grand in character or formidable in power , and ranges from apprehension or dread to reverent worship .
admiration includes delight and regard .
surprise lies midway between astonishment and amazement , and usually respects matters of lighter consequence or such as are less startling in character .
amazement may be either pleasing or painful , as when induced by the grandeur of the mountains , or by the fury of the storm .
we can say pleased surprise , but scarcely pleased astonishment .
amazement has in it something of confusion or bewilderment ; but confusion and bewilderment may occur without amazement , as when a multitude of details require instant attention .
astonishment may be without bewilderment or confusion .
wonder is often pleasing , and may be continuous in view of that which surpasses our comprehension ; as , the magnitude , order , and beauty of the heavens fill us with increasing wonder .
compare perplexity .
antonyms :
anticipation , composure , expectation , preparation , steadiness , calmness , coolness , indifference , self - possession , stoicism .
preposition :
i was filled with amazement at such reckless daring .
* * * * *
ambition .
synonyms :
aspiration , competition , emulation , opposition , rivalry .
aspiration is the desire for excellence , pure and simple .
ambition , literally a going around to solicit votes , has primary reference to the award or approval of others , and is the eager desire of power , fame , or something deemed great and eminent , and viewed as a worthy prize .
the prizes of aspiration are virtue , nobility , skill , or other high qualities .
the prizes of ambition are advancement , fame , honor , and the like .
there is a noble and wise or an ignoble , selfish , and harmful ambition .
emulation is not so much to win any excellence or success for itself as to equal or surpass other persons .
there is such a thing as a noble emulation , when those we would equal or surpass are noble , and the means we would use worthy .
but , at the highest , emulation is inferior as a motive to aspiration , which seeks the high quality or character for its own sake , not with reference to another .
competition is the striving for something that is sought by another at the same time .
emulation regards the abstract , competition the concrete ; rivalry is the same in essential meaning with competition , but differs in the nature of the objects contested for , which , in the case of rivalry , are usually of the nobler sort and less subject
to direct gaging , measurement , and rule .
we speak of competition in business , emulation in scholarship , rivalry in love , politics , etc . ; emulation of excellence , success , achievement ; competition for a prize ; rivalry between persons or nations .
competition may be friendly , rivalry is commonly hostile .
opposition is becoming a frequent substitute for competition in business language ; it implies that the competitor is an opponent and hinderer .
antonyms :
carelessness , contentment , humility , indifference , satisfaction .
* * * * *
amend .
synonyms :
advance , correct , meliorate , rectify , ameliorate , emend , mend , reform , better , improve , mitigate , repair .
cleanse , make better , purify ,
to amend is to change for the better by removing faults , errors , or defects , and always refers to that which at some point falls short of a standard of excellence .
advance , better , and improve may refer either to what is quite imperfect or to what has reached a high degree of excellence ; we advance the kingdom of god , improve the minds of our children , better the morals of the people .
but for matters below the point of ordinary approval we seldom use these words ; we do not speak of bettering a wretched alley , or improving a foul sewer .
there we use cleanse , purify , or similar words .
we correct evils , reform abuses , rectify incidental conditions of evil or error ; we ameliorate poverty and misery , which we can not wholly remove .
we mend a tool , repair a building , correct proof ; we amend character or conduct that is faulty , or a statement or law that is defective .
a text , writing , or statement is amended by the author or by some adequate authority ; it is often emended by conjecture .
a motion is amended by the mover or by the assembly ; a constitution is amended by the people ; an ancient text is emended by a critic who believes that what seems to him the better reading is what the author wrote .
compare alleviate .
antonyms :
aggravate , debase , harm , mar , tarnish , blemish , depress , impair , spoil , vitiate .
corrupt , deteriorate , injure ,
* * * * *
amiable .
synonyms :
agreeable , engaging , lovable , pleasing , attractive , gentle , lovely , sweet , benignant , good - natured , loving , winning , harming , kind , pleasant , winsome .
amiable combines the senses of lovable or lovely and loving ; the amiable character has ready affection and kindliness for others , with the qualities that are adapted to win their love ; amiable is a higher and stronger word than good - natured or agreeable .
lovely is often applied to externals ; as , a lovely face .
amiable denotes a disposition desirous to cheer , please , and make happy .
a selfish man of the world may have the art to be agreeable ; a handsome , brilliant , and witty person may be charming or even attractive , while by no means amiable .
the engaging , winning , and winsome add to amiability something of beauty , accomplishments , and grace .
the benignant are calmly kind , as from a height and a distance .
kind , good - natured people may be coarse and rude , and so fail to be agreeable or pleasing ; the really amiable are likely to avoid such faults by their earnest desire to please .
the good - natured have an easy disposition to get along comfortably with every one in all circumstances .
a sweet disposition is very sure to be amiable , the loving heart bringing out all that is lovable and lovely in character .
antonyms :
acrimonious , crusty , hateful , ill - tempered , surly , churlish , disagreeable , ill - conditioned , morose , unamiable , crabbed , dogged , ill - humored , sour , unlovely , cruel , gruff , ill - natured , sullen ,
* * * * *
amid .
synonyms :
amidst , amongst , betwixt , mingled with , among , between , in the midst of , surrounded by .
amid or amidst denotes surrounded by ; among or amongst denotes mingled with .
between ( archaic or poetic , betwixt ) is said of two persons or objects , or of two groups of persons or objects .
" let there be no strife , i pray thee , between me and thee , and between my herdmen and thy herdmen , " gen .
xiii , 9 ; the reference being to two bodies of herdmen .
amid denotes mere position ; among , some active relation , as of companionship , hostility , etc .
lowell's " among my books " regards the books as companions ; amid my books would suggest packing , storing , or some other incidental circumstance .
we say among friends , or among enemies , amidst the woods , amid the shadows .
in the midst of may have merely the local meaning ; as , i found myself in the midst of a crowd ; or it may express even closer association than among ; as , " i found myself in the midst of friends " suggests their
pressing up on every side , oneself the central object ; so , " where two or three are met together in my name , there am i in the midst of them , " matt .
xviii , 20 ; in which case it would be feebler to say " among them , " impossible to say " amid them , " not so well to say " amidst them . "
antonyms :
afar from , away from , beyond , far from , outside , without .
* * * * *
amplify .
synonyms :
augment , dilate , expand , extend , unfold , develop , enlarge , expatiate , increase , widen .
amplify is now rarely used in the sense of increase , to add material substance , bulk , volume , or the like ; it is now almost wholly applied to discourse or writing , signifying to make fuller in statement , whether with or without adding
matter of importance , as by stating fully what was before only implied , or by adding illustrations to make the meaning more readily apprehended , etc .
the chief difficulty of very young writers is to amplify , to get beyond the bare curt statement by developing , expanding , unfolding the thought .
the chief difficulty of those who have more material and experience is to condense sufficiently .
so , in the early days of our literature amplify was used in the favorable sense ; but at present this word and most kindred words are coming to share the derogatory meaning that has long attached to expatiate .
we may develop a thought , expand an illustration , extend a discussion , expatiate on a hobby , dilate on something joyous or sad , enlarge a volume , unfold a scheme , widen the range of treatment .
antonyms :
abbreviate , amputate , condense , cut down , reduce , summarize , abridge , " boil down , " curtail , epitomize , retrench , sum up .
prepositions :
to amplify on or upon the subject is needless .
amplify this matter by illustrations .
* * * * *
analogy .
synonyms :
affinity , likeness , relation , similarity , coincidence , parity , resemblance , simile , comparison , proportion , semblance , similitude .
analogy is specifically a resemblance of relations ; a resemblance that may be reasoned from , so that from the likeness in certain respects we may infer that other and perhaps deeper relations exist .
affinity is a mutual attraction with or without seeming likeness ; as , the affinity of iron for oxygen .
coincidence is complete agreement in some one or more respects ; there may be a coincidence in time of most dissimilar events .
parity of reasoning is said of an argument equally conclusive on subjects not strictly analogous .
similitude is a rhetorical comparison of one thing to another with which it has some points in common .
resemblance and similarity are external or superficial , and may involve no deeper relation ; as , the resemblance of a cloud to a distant mountain .
compare allegory .
antonyms :
disagreement , disproportion , dissimilarity , incongruity , unlikeness .
prepositions :
the analogy between ( or of ) nature and revelation ; the analogy of sound to light ; a family has some analogy with ( or to ) a state .
* * * * *
anger .
synonyms :
animosity , fury , offense , rage , choler , impatience , passion , resentment , displeasure , indignation , peevishness , temper , exasperation , ire , pettishness , vexation , fretfulness , irritation , petulance , wrath .
displeasure is the mildest and most general word .
choler and ire , now rare except in poetic or highly rhetorical language , denote a still , and the latter a persistent , anger .
temper used alone in the sense of anger is colloquial , tho we may correctly say a hot temper , a fiery temper , etc .
passion , tho a word of far wider application , may , in the singular , be employed to denote anger ; " did put me in a towering passion , " shakespeare hamlet act v , sc .
2 .
anger is violent and vindictive emotion , which is sharp , sudden , and , like all violent passions , necessarily brief .
resentment ( a feeling back or feeling over again ) is persistent , the bitter brooding over injuries .
exasperation , a roughening , is a hot , superficial intensity of anger , demanding instant expression .
rage drives one beyond the bounds of prudence or discretion ; fury is stronger yet , and sweeps one away into uncontrollable violence .
anger is personal and usually selfish , aroused by real or supposed wrong to oneself , and directed specifically and intensely against the person who is viewed as blameworthy .
indignation is impersonal and unselfish displeasure at unworthy acts ( l .
indigna ) , i .
e . , at wrong as wrong .
pure indignation is not followed by regret , and needs no repentance ; it is also more self - controlled than anger .
anger is commonly a sin ; indignation is often a duty .
wrath is deep and perhaps vengeful displeasure , as when the people of nazareth were " filled with wrath " at the plain words of jesus ( luke iv , 28 ) ; it may , however , simply express the culmination of righteous indignation without malice
in a pure being ; as , the wrath of god .
impatience , fretfulness , irritation , peevishness , pettishness , petulance , and vexation express the slighter forms of anger .
irritation , petulance , and vexation are temporary and for immediate cause .
fretfulness , pettishness , and peevishness are chronic states finding in any petty matter an occasion for their exercise .
compare acrimony ; enmity ; hatred .
antonyms :
amiability , leniency , mildness , peacefulness , charity , lenity , patience , self - control , forbearance , long - suffering , peace , self - restraint .
gentleness , love , peaceableness ,
prepositions :
anger at the insult prompted the reply .
anger toward the offender exaggerates the offense .
* * * * *
animal .
synonyms :
beast , fauna , living organism , sentient being .
brute , living creature ,
an animal is a sentient being , distinct from inanimate matter and from vegetable life on the one side and from mental and spiritual existence on the other .
thus man is properly classified as an animal .
but because the animal life is the lowest and rudest part of his being and that which he shares with inferior creatures , to call any individual man an animal is to imply that the animal nature has undue supremacy , and so is deep condemnation or
utter insult .
the brute is the animal viewed as dull to all finer feeling ; the beast is looked upon as a being of appetites .
to call a man a brute is to imply that he is unfeeling and cruel ; to call him a beast is to indicate that he is vilely sensual .
we speak of the cruel father as a brute to his children ; of the drunkard as making a beast of himself .
so firmly are these figurative senses established that we now incline to avoid applying brute or beast to any creature , as a horse or dog , for which we have any affection ; we prefer in such cases the word animal .
creature is a word of wide signification , including all the things that god has created , whether inanimate objects , plants , animals , angels , or men .
the animals of a region are collectively called its fauna .
antonyms :
angel , man , mind , soul , substance ( material ) , inanimate object , matter , mineral , spirit , vegetable .
* * * * *
announce .
synonyms :
advertise , give notice ( of ) , proclaim , reveal , circulate , give out , promulgate , say , communicate , herald , propound , spread abroad , declare , make known , publish , state , enunciate , notify , report , tell .
to announce is to give intelligence of in some formal or public way .
we may announce that which has occurred or that which is to occur , tho the word is chiefly used in the anticipative sense ; we announce a book when it is in press , a guest when he arrives .
we advertise our business , communicate our intentions , enunciate our views ; we notify an individual , give notice to the public .
declare has often an authoritative force ; to declare war is to cause war to be , where before there may have been only hostilities ; we say declare war , proclaim peace .
we propound a question or an argument , promulgate the views of a sect or party , or the decision of a court , etc .
we report an interview , reveal a secret , herald the coming of some distinguished person or great event .
publish , in popular usage , is becoming closely restricted to the sense of issuing through the press ; we announce a book that is to be published .
antonyms :
bury , cover ( up ) , hush , keep secret , suppress , conceal , hide , keep back , secrete , withhold .
prepositions :
the event was announced to the family by telegraph .
* * * * *
answer .
synonyms :
rejoinder , repartee , reply , response , retort .
a verbal answer is a return of words to something that seems to call for them , and is made to a charge as well as to a question ; an answer may be even made to an unspoken implication or manifestation ; see luke v ,
22 .
in a wider sense , anything said or done in return for some word , action , or suggestion of another may be called an answer .
the blow of an enraged man , the whinny of a horse , the howling of the wind , the movement of a bolt in a lock , an echo , etc . , may each be an answer to some word or movement .
a reply is an unfolding , and ordinarily implies thought and intelligence .
a rejoinder is strictly an answer to a reply , tho often used in the general sense of answer , but always with the implication of something more or less controversial or opposed , tho lacking the conclusiveness implied in answer ; an answer , in the
full sense , to a charge , an argument , or an objection is adequate , and finally refutes and disposes of it ; a reply or rejoinder may be quite inadequate , so that one may say , " this reply is not an answer ;
" " i am ready with an answer " means far more than " i am ready with a reply . " a response is accordant or harmonious , designed or adapted to carry on the thought of the words that called it forth , as the
responses in a liturgical service , or to meet the wish of him who seeks it ; as , the appeal for aid met a prompt and hearty response .
repartee is a prompt , witty , and commonly good - natured answer to some argument or attack ; a retort may also be witty , but is severe and may be even savage in its intensity .
prepositions :
an answer in writing , or by word of mouth , to the question .
* * * * *
anticipate .
synonyms :
apprehend , forecast , hope , expect , foretaste , look forward to .
to anticipate may be either to take before in fact or to take before in thought ; in the former sense it is allied with prevent ; in the latter , with the synonyms above given .
this is coming to be the prevalent and favorite use .
we expect that which we have good reason to believe will happen ; as , a boy expects to grow to manhood .
we hope for that which we much desire and somewhat expect .
we apprehend what we both expect and fear .
anticipate is commonly used now , like foretaste , of that which we expect both with confidence and pleasure .
in this use it is a stronger word than hope , where often " the wish is father to the thought . " i hope for a visit from my friend , tho i have no word from him ; i expect it when he writes that
he is coming ; and as the time draws near i anticipate it with pleasure .
compare abide ; prevent .
antonyms :
despair of , doubt , dread , fear , recall , recollect , remember .
distrust ,
* * * * *
anticipation .
synonyms :
antepast , expectation , foresight , hope , apprehension , foreboding , foretaste , presentiment , expectancy , forecast , forethought , prevision .
expectation may be either of good or evil ; presentiment almost always , apprehension and foreboding always , of evil ; anticipation and antepast , commonly of good .
thus , we speak of the pleasures of anticipation .
a foretaste may be of good or evil , and is more than imaginary ; it is a part actually received in advance .
foresight and forethought prevent future evil and secure future good by timely looking forward , and acting upon what is foreseen .
compare anticipate .
antonyms :
astonishment , despair , dread , fear , surprise , consummation , doubt , enjoyment , realization , wonder .
* * * * *
antipathy .
synonyms :
abhorrence , disgust , hatred , repugnance , antagonism , dislike , hostility , repulsion , aversion , distaste , opposition , uncongeniality .
detestation ,
antipathy , repugnance , and uncongeniality are instinctive ; other forms of dislike may be acquired or cherished for cause .
uncongeniality is negative , a want of touch or sympathy .
an antipathy to a person or thing is an instinctive recoil from connection or association with that person or thing , and may be physical or mental , or both .
antagonism may result from the necessity of circumstances ; opposition may spring from conflicting views or interests ; abhorrence and detestation may be the result of religious and moral training ; distaste and disgust may be acquired ; aversion is a deep and permanent dislike .
a natural antipathy may give rise to opposition which may result in hatred and hostility .
compare acrimony ; anger ; enmity ; hatred .
antonyms :
affinity , attraction , fellow - feeling , kindliness , sympathy .
agreement , congeniality , harmony , regard ,
prepositions :
antipathy to ( less frequently for or against ) a person or thing ; antipathy between or betwixt two persons or things .
* * * * *
antique .
synonyms :
ancient , old - fashioned , quaint , superannuated .
antiquated ,
antique refers to an ancient , antiquated to a discarded style .
antique is that which is either ancient in fact or ancient in style .
the reference is to the style rather than to the age .
we can speak of the antique architecture of a church just built .
the difference between antiquated and antique is not in the age , for a puritan style may be scorned as antiquated , while a roman or renaissance style may be prized as antique .
the antiquated is not so much out of date as out of vogue .
old - fashioned may be used approvingly or contemptuously .
in the latter case it becomes a synonym for antiquated ; in the good sense it approaches the meaning of antique , but indicates less duration .
we call a wide new england fireplace old - fashioned ; a coin of the caesars , antique .
quaint combines the idea of age with a pleasing oddity ; as , a quaint gambrel - roofed house .
antiquated is sometimes used of persons in a sense akin to superannuated .
the antiquated person is out of style and out of sympathy with the present generation by reason of age ; the superannuated person is incapacitated for present activities by reason of age .
compare old .
antonyms :
fashionable , fresh , modern , modish , new , recent , stylish .
* * * * *
anxiety .
synonyms :
anguish , disquiet , foreboding , perplexity , apprehension , disturbance , fretfulness , solicitude , care , dread , fretting , trouble , concern , fear , misgiving , worry .
anxiety is , according to its derivation , a choking disquiet , akin to anguish ; anxiety is mental ; anguish may be mental or physical ; anguish is in regard to the known , anxiety in regard to the unknown ; anguish is because of what
has happened , anxiety because of what may happen .
anxiety refers to some future event , always suggesting hopeful possibility , and thus differing from apprehension , fear , dread , foreboding , terror , all of which may be quite despairing .
in matters within our reach , anxiety always stirs the question whether something can not be done , and is thus a valuable spur to doing ; in this respect it is allied to care .
foreboding , dread , etc . , commonly incapacitate for all helpful thought or endeavor .
worry is a more petty , restless , and manifest anxiety ; anxiety may be quiet and silent ; worry is communicated to all around .
solicitude is a milder anxiety .
fretting or fretfulness is a weak complaining without thought of accomplishing or changing anything , but merely as a relief to one's own disquiet .
perplexity often involves anxiety , but may be quite free from it .
a student may be perplexed regarding a translation , yet , if he has time enough , not at all anxious regarding it .
antonyms :
apathy , calmness , confidence , light - heartedness , satisfaction , assurance , carelessness , ease , nonchalance , tranquillity .
prepositions :
anxiety for a friend's return ; anxiety about , in regard to , or concerning the future .
* * * * *
apathy .
synonyms :
calmness , indifference , quietness , stoicism , composure , insensibility , quietude , tranquillity , immobility , lethargy , sluggishness , unconcern , impassibility , phlegm , stillness , unfeelingness .
apathy , according to its greek derivation , is a simple absence of feeling or emotion .
there are persons to whom a certain degree of apathy is natural , an innate sluggishness of the emotional nature .
in the apathy of despair , a person gives up , without resistance or sensibility , to what he has fiercely struggled to avoid .
while apathy is want of feeling , calmness is feeling without agitation .
calmness is the result of strength , courage , or trust ; apathy is the result of dulness or weakness .
composure is freedom from agitation or disturbance , resulting ordinarily from force of will , or from perfect confidence in one's own resources .
impassibility is a philosophical term applied to the deity , as infinitely exalted above all stir of passion or emotion .
unfeelingness , the saxon word that should be the exact equivalent of apathy , really means more , a lack of the feeling one ought to have , a censurable hardness of heart .
indifference and insensibility designate the absence of feeling toward certain persons or things ; apathy , entire absence of feeling .
indifference is a want of interest ; insensibility is a want of feeling ; unconcern has reference to consequences .
we speak of insensibility of heart , immobility of countenance .
stoicism is an intentional suppression of feeling and deadening of sensibilities , while apathy is involuntary .
compare calm ; rest ; stupor .
antonyms :
agitation , disturbance , feeling , sensibility , sympathy , alarm , eagerness , frenzy , sensitiveness , turbulence , anxiety , emotion , fury , storm , vehemence , care , excitement , passion , susceptibility , violence .
distress ,
prepositions :
the apathy of monastic life ; apathy toward good .
* * * * *
apiece .
synonyms :
distributively , each , individually , separately , severally .
there is no discernible difference in sense between so much apiece and so much each ; the former is the more common and popular , the latter the more elegant expression .
distributively is generally used of numbers and abstract relations .
individually emphasizes the independence of the individuals ; separately and severally still more emphatically hold them apart .
the signers of a note may become jointly and severally responsible , that is , each liable for the entire amount , as if he had signed it alone .
witnesses are often brought separately into court , in order that no one may be influenced by the testimony of another .
if a company of laborers demand a dollar apiece , that is a demand that each shall receive that sum ; if they individually demand a dollar , each individual makes the demand .
antonyms :
accumulatively , confusedly , indiscriminately , together , unitedly .
collectively , en masse , synthetically ,
* * * * *
apology .
synonyms :
acknowledgment , defense , excuse , plea , confession , exculpation , justification , vindication .
all these words express one's answer to a charge of wrong or error that is or might be made .
apology has undergone a remarkable change from its old sense of a valiant defense - - as in justin martyr's apologies for the christian faith - - to its present meaning of humble confession and concession .
he who offers an apology admits himself , at least technically and seemingly , in the wrong .
an apology is for what one has done or left undone ; an excuse may be for what one proposes to do or leave undone as well ; as , one sends beforehand his excuse for not accepting an invitation ; if he should fail either to
be present or to excuse himself , an apology would be in order .
an excuse for a fault is an attempt at partial justification ; as , one alleges haste as an excuse for carelessness .
confession is a full acknowledgment of wrong , generally of a grave wrong , with or without apology or excuse .
plea ranges in sense from a prayer for favor or pardon to an attempt at full vindication .
defense , exculpation , justification , and vindication are more properly antonyms than synonyms of apology in its modern sense , and should be so given , but for their connection with its historic usage .
compare confess ; defense .
antonyms :
accusation , charge , condemnation , injury , offense , censure , complaint , imputation , insult , wrong .
prepositions :
an apology to the guest for the oversight would be fitting .
* * * * *
apparent .
synonyms :
likely , presumable , probable , seeming .
the apparent is that which appears ; the word has two contrasted senses , either of that which is manifest , visible , certain , or of that which merely seems to be and may be very different from what is ; as , the apparent motion
of the sun around the earth .
apparent kindness casts a doubt on the reality of the kindness ; apparent neglect implies that more care and pains may have been bestowed than we are aware of .
presumable implies that a thing may be reasonably supposed beforehand without any full knowledge of the facts .
probable implies that we know facts enough to make us moderately confident of it .
seeming expresses great doubt of the reality ; seeming innocence comes very near in meaning to probable guilt .
apparent indicates less assurance than probable , and more than seeming .
a man's probable intent we believe will prove to be his real intent ; his seeming intent we believe to be a sham ; his apparent intent may be the true one , tho we have not yet evidence on which to pronounce with certainty or even
with confidence .
likely is a word with a wide range of usage , but always implying the belief that the thing is , or will be , true ; it is often used with the infinitive , as the other words of this list can not be ; as
, it is likely to happen .
compare evident .
antonyms :
doubtful , dubious , improbable , unimaginable , unlikely .
prepositions :
( when apparent is used in the sense of evident ) : his guilt is apparent in every act to all observers .
* * * * *
appear .
synonyms :
have the appearance or semblance , look , seem .
appear and look refer to what manifests itself to the senses ; to a semblance or probability presented directly to the mind .
seem applies to what is manifest to the mind on reflection .
it suddenly appears to me that there is smoke in the distance ; as i watch , it looks like a fire ; from my knowledge of the locality and observation of particulars , it seems to me a farmhouse must be burning .
antonyms :
be , be certain , real , or true , be the fact , exist .
prepositions :
appear at the front ; among the first ; on or upon the surface ; to the eye ; in evidence , in print ; from reports ; near the harbor ; before the public ; in appropriate dress ; with the insignia of his rank ;
above the clouds ; below the surface ; under the lee ; over the sea ; through the mist ; appear for , in behalf of , or against one in court .
* * * * *
appendage .
synonyms :
accessory , addition , appurtenance , concomitant , accompaniment , adjunct , attachment , extension , addendum , appendix , auxiliary , supplement .
an adjunct ( something joined to ) constitutes no real part of the thing or system to which it is joined , tho perhaps a valuable addition ; an appendage is commonly a real , tho not an essential or necessary part of that with which it
is connected ; an appurtenance belongs subordinately to something by which it is employed , especially as an instrument to accomplish some purpose .
a horse's tail is at once an ornamental appendage and a useful appurtenance ; we could not call it an adjunct , tho we might use that word of his iron shoes .
an attachment in machinery is some mechanism that can be brought into optional connection with the principal movement ; a hemmer is a valuable attachment of a sewing - machine .
an extension , as of a railroad or of a franchise , carries out further something already existing .
we add an appendix to a book , to contain names , dates , lists , etc . , which would encumber the text ; we add a supplement to supply omissions , as , for instance , to bring it up to date .
an appendix may be called an addendum ; but addendum may be used of a brief note , which would not be dignified by the name of appendix ; such notes are often grouped as addenda .
an addition might be matter interwoven in the body of the work , an index , plates , editorial notes , etc . , which might be valuable additions , but not within the meaning of appendix or supplement .
compare accessory ; auxiliary .
antonyms :
main body , original , total , whole .
prepositions :
that which is thought of as added we call an appendage to ; that which is looked upon as an integral part is called an appendage of .
* * * * *
appetite .
synonyms :
appetency , impulse , lust , propensity , craving , inclination , passion , relish , desire , liking , proclivity , thirst , disposition , longing , proneness , zest .
appetite is used only of the demands of the physical system , unless otherwise expressly stated , as when we say an appetite for knowledge ; passion includes all excitable impulses of our nature , as anger , fear , love , hatred , etc .
appetite is thus more animal than passion ; and when we speak of passions and appetites as conjoined or contrasted , we think of the appetites as wholly physical and of the passions as , in part at least , mental or spiritual .
we say an appetite for food , a passion for fame .
compare desire .
antonyms :
antipathy , disgust , distaste , indifference , repugnance , aversion , dislike , hatred , loathing , repulsion .
detestation , disrelish ,
compare antipathy .
preposition :
he had an insatiable appetite for the marvellous .
* * * * *
apportion .
synonyms :
allot , appropriate , deal , distribute , grant , appoint , assign , dispense , divide , share .
to allot or assign may be to make an arbitrary division ; the same is true of distribute or divide .
that which is apportioned is given by some fixed rule , which is meant to be uniform and fair ; as , representatives are apportioned among the states according to population .
to dispense is to give out freely ; as , the sun dispenses light and heat .
a thing is appropriated to or for a specific purpose ( to which it thus becomes proper , in the original sense of being its own ) ; money appropriated by congress for one purpose can not be expended for any other .
one may apportion what he only holds in trust ; he shares what is his own .
compare allot .
antonyms :
cling to , consolidate , gather together , receive , collect , divide arbitrarily , keep together , retain .
prepositions :
apportion to each a fair amount ; apportion the property among the heirs , between two claimants ; apportion according to numbers , etc .
* * * * *
approximation .
synonyms :
approach , likeness , neighborhood , resemblance , contiguity , nearness , propinquity , similarity .
in mathematics , approximation is not guesswork , not looseness , and not error .
the process of approximation is as exact and correct at every point as that by which an absolute result is secured ; the result only fails of exactness because of some inherent difficulty in the problem .
the attempt to " square the circle " gives only an approximate result , because of the impossibility of expressing the circumference in terms of the radius .
but the limits of error on either side are known , and the approximation has practical value .
outside of mathematics , the correct use of approximation ( and the kindred words approximate and approximately ) is to express as near an approach to accuracy and certainty as the conditions of human thought or action in any given case make possible .
resemblance and similarity may be but superficial and apparent ; approximation is real .
approach is a relative term , indicating that one has come nearer than before , tho the distance may yet be considerable ; an approximation brings one really near .
nearness , neighborhood , and propinquity are commonly used of place ; approximation , of mathematical calculations and abstract reasoning ; we speak of approach to the shore , nearness to the town , approximation to the truth .
antonyms :
difference , distance , error , remoteness , unlikeness , variation .
prepositions :
the approximation of the vegetable to the animal type .
* * * * *
arms .
synonyms :
accouterments , armor , harness , mail , weapons .
arms are implements of attack ; armor is a defensive covering .
the knight put on his armor ; he grasped his arms .
with the disuse of defensive armor the word has practically gone out of military use , but it is still employed in the navy , where the distinction is clearly preserved ; any vessel provided with cannon is an armed vessel ; an armored ship is an
ironclad .
anything that can be wielded in fight may become a weapon , as a pitchfork or a paving - stone ; arms are especially made and designed for conflict .
* * * * *
army .
synonyms :
armament , forces , military , soldiers , array , host , multitude , soldiery , force , legions , phalanx , troops .
an army is an organized body of men armed for war , ordinarily considerable in numbers , always independent in organization so far as not to be a constituent part of any other command .
organization , unity , and independence , rather than numbers are the essentials of an army .
we speak of the invading army of cortes or pizarro , tho either body was contemptible in numbers from a modern military standpoint .
we may have a little army , a large army , or a vast army .
host is used for any vast and orderly assemblage ; as , the stars are called the heavenly host .
multitude expresses number without order or organization ; a multitude of armed men is not an army , but a mob .
legion ( from the latin ) and phalanx ( from the greek ) are applied by a kind of poetic license to modern forces ; the plural legions is preferred to the singular .
military is a general word for land - forces ; the military may include all the armed soldiery of a nation , or the term may be applied to any small detached company , as at a fort , in distinction from civilians .
any organized body of men by whom the law or will of a people is executed is a force ; the word is a usual term for the police of any locality .
* * * * *
arraign .
synonyms :
accuse , charge , impeach , prosecute , censure , cite , indict , summon .
arraign is an official word ; a person accused of crime is arraigned when he is formally called into court , the indictment read to him , and the demand made of him to plead guilty or not guilty ; in more extended use , to arraign
is to call in question for fault in any formal , public , or official way .
one may charge another with any fault , great or trifling , privately or publicly , formally or informally .
accuse is stronger than charge , suggesting more of the formal and criminal ; a person may charge a friend with unkindness or neglect ; he may accuse a tramp of stealing .
censure carries the idea of fault , but not of crime ; it may be private and individual , or public and official .
a judge , a president , or other officer of high rank may be impeached before the appropriate tribunal for high crimes ; the veracity of a witness may be impeached by damaging evidence .
a person of the highest character may be summoned as defendant in a civil suit ; or he may be cited to answer as administrator , etc .
indict and arraign apply strictly to criminal proceedings , and only an alleged criminal is indicted or arraigned .
one is indicted by the grand jury , and arraigned before the appropriate court .
antonyms :
acquit , discharge , exonerate , overlook , release , condone , excuse , forgive , pardon , set free .
prepositions :
arraign at the bar , before the tribunal , of or for a crime ; on or upon an indictment .
* * * * *
array .
synonyms :
army , collection , line of battle , parade , arrangement , disposition , order , show , battle array , exhibition , order of battle , sight .
the phrase battle array or array of battle is archaic and poetic ; we now say in line or order of battle .
the parade is for exhibition and oversight , and partial rehearsal of military manual and maneuvers .
array refers to a continuous arrangement of men , so that all may be seen or reviewed at once .
this is practically impossible with the vast armies of our day .
we say rather the disposition of troops , which expresses their location so as to sustain and support , though unable to see or readily communicate with each other .
compare dress .
* * * * *
arrest .
synonyms :
apprehend , detain , restrain , stop , capture , hold , secure , take into custody , catch , make prisoner , seize , take prisoner .
the legal term arrest carries always the implication of a legal offense ; this is true even of arresting for debt .
but one may be detained by process of law when no offense is alleged against him , as in the case of a witness who is held in a house of detention till a case comes to trial .
one may be restrained of his liberty without arrest , as in an insane asylum ; an individual or corporation may be restrained by injunction from selling certain property .
in case of an arrest , an officer may secure his prisoner by fetters , by a locked door , or other means effectually to prevent escape .
capture is commonly used of seizure by armed force ; as , to capture a ship , a fort , etc .
compare hinder ; obstruct .
antonyms :
discharge , dismiss , free , liberate , release , set free .
prepositions :
arrested for crime , on suspicion , by the sheriff ; on , upon , or by virtue of a warrant ; on final process ; in execution .
* * * * *
artifice .
synonyms :
art , craft , finesse , invention , stratagem , blind , cunning , fraud , machination , subterfuge , cheat , device , guile , maneuver , trick , contrivance , dodge , imposture , ruse , wile .
a contrivance or device may be either good or bad .
a cheat is a mean advantage in a bargain ; a fraud , any form of covert robbery or injury .
imposture is a deceitful contrivance for securing charity , credit , or consideration .
a stratagem or maneuver may be of the good against the bad , as it were a skilful movement of war .
a wile is usually but not necessarily evil .
e'en children followed with endearing wile .
goldsmith deserted village , l .
184 .
a trick is often low , injurious , and malicious ; we say a mean trick ; the word is sometimes used playfully with less than its full meaning .
a ruse or a blind may be quite innocent and harmless .
an artifice is a carefully and delicately prepared contrivance for doing indirectly what one could not well do directly .
a device is something studied out for promoting an end , as in a mechanism ; the word is used of indirect action , often , but not necessarily directed to an evil , selfish , or injurious end .
finesse is especially subtle contrivance , delicate artifice , whether for good or evil .
compare fraud .
antonyms :
artlessness , frankness , ingenuousness , openness , sincerity , candor , guilelessness , innocence , simplicity , truth .
fairness , honesty ,
* * * * *
artist .
synonyms :
artificer , artisan , mechanic , operative , workman .
artist , artificer and artisan are all from the root of art , but artist holds to the esthetic sense , while artificer and artisan follow the mechanical or industrial sense of the word ( see art under science ) .
artist thus comes only into accidental association with the other words of this group , not being a synonym of any one of them and having practically no synonym of its own .
the work of the artist is creative ; that of the artisan mechanical .
the man who paints a beautiful picture is an artist ; the man who makes pin - heads all day is an artisan .
the artificer is between the two , putting more thought , intelligence , and taste into his work than the artisan , but less of the idealizing , creative power than the artist .
the sculptor , shaping his model in clay , is artificer , as well as artist ; patient artisans , working simply by rule and scale , chisel and polish the stone .
the man who constructs anything by mere routine and rule is a mechanic .
the man whose work involves thought , skill , and constructive power is an artificer .
the hod - carrier is a laborer ; the bricklayer is a mechanic ; the master mason is an artificer .
those who operate machinery nearly self - acting are operatives .
* * * * *
ask .
synonyms :
beg , crave , entreat , petition , request , solicit , beseech , demand , implore , pray , require , supplicate .
one asks what he feels that he may fairly claim and reasonably expect ; " if a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father , " luke xi , 11 ; he begs for that to which he advances no claim but
pity .
demand is a determined and often an arrogant word ; one may rightfully demand what is his own or his due , when it is withheld or denied ; or he may wrongfully demand that to which he has no claim but power .
require is less arrogant and obtrusive than demand , but is exceedingly strenuous ; as , the court requires the attendance of witnesses .
entreat implies a special earnestness of asking , and beseech , a still added and more humble intensity ; beseech was formerly often used as a polite intensive for beg or pray ; as , i beseech you to tell me .
to implore is to ask with weeping and lamentation ; to supplicate is to ask , as it were , on bended knees .
crave and request are somewhat formal terms ; crave has almost disappeared from conversation ; request would seem distant between parent and child .
pray is now used chiefly of address to the supreme being ; petition is used of written request to persons in authority ; as , to petition the legislature to pass an act , or the governor to pardon an offender .
antonyms :
claim , deny , enforce , exact , extort , insist , refuse , reject .
command ,
prepositions :
ask a person for a thing ; ask a thing of or from a person ; ask after or about one's health , welfare , friends , etc .
* * * * *
associate .
synonyms :
accomplice , coadjutor , comrade , fellow , mate , ally , colleague , confederate , friend , partner , chum , companion , consort , helpmate , peer .
an associate as used officially implies a chief , leader , or principal , to whom the associate is not fully equal in rank .
associate is popularly used of mere friendly relations , but oftener implies some work , enterprise , or pursuit in which the associated persons unite .
we rarely speak of associates in crime or wrong , using confederates or accomplices instead .
companion gives itself with equal readiness to the good or evil sense , as also does comrade .
one may be a companion in travel who would not readily become an associate at home .
a lady advertises for a companion ; she would not advertise for an associate .
peer implies equality rather than companionship ; as , a jury of his peers .
comrade expresses more fellowship and good feeling than companion .
fellow has almost gone out of use in this connection , except in an inferior or patronizing sense .
consort is a word of equality and dignity , as applied especially to the marriage relation .
compare accessory ; acquaintance ; friendship .
antonyms :
antagonist , foe , hinderer , opponent , opposer , rival , stranger .
enemy ,
prepositions :
these were the associates of the leader in the enterprise .
* * * * *
association .
synonyms :
alliance , confederacy , familiarity , lodge , club , confederation , federation , participation , community , conjunction , fellowship , partnership , companionship , connection , fraternity , society , company , corporation , friendship , union .
we speak of an alliance of nations , a club of pleasure - seekers , a community of shakers , a company of soldiers or of friends , a confederacy , confederation , federation , or union of separate states under one general government , a partnership
or company of business men , a conjunction of planets .
the whole body of freemasons constitute a fraternity ; one of their local organizations is called a lodge .
a corporation or company is formed for purposes of business ; an association or society ( tho also incorporated ) is for learning , literature , benevolence , religion , etc .
compare associate ; acquaintance ; friendship .
antonyms :
disintegration , independence , isolation , separation , solitude .
prepositions :
an association of scholars for the advancement of knowledge ; association with the good is ennobling .
* * * * *
assume .
synonyms :
accept , arrogate , postulate , put on , affect , claim , presume , take , appropriate , feign , pretend , usurp .
the distinctive idea of assume is to take by one's own independent volition , whether well or ill , rightfully or wrongfully .
one may accept an obligation or assume an authority that properly belongs to him , or he may assume an obligation or indebtedness that could not be required of him .
he may assume authority or office that is his right ; if he assumes what does not belong to him , he is said to arrogate or usurp it .
a man may usurp the substance of power in the most unpretending way ; what he arrogates to himself he assumes with a haughty and overbearing manner .
one assumes the robes or insignia of office by putting them on , with or without right .
if he takes to himself the credit and appearance of qualities he does not possess , he is said to affect or feign , or to pretend to , the character he thus assumes .
what a debater postulates he openly states and takes for granted without proof ; what he assumes he may take for granted without mention .
a favorite trick of the sophist is quietly to assume as true what would at once be challenged if expressly stated .
what a man claims he asserts his right to take ; what he assumes he takes .
* * * * *
assurance .
synonyms :
arrogance , boldness , impudence , self - confidence , assertion , confidence , presumption , self - reliance , assumption , effrontery , self - assertion , trust .
assurance may have the good sense of a high , sustained confidence and trust ; as , the saint's assurance of heaven .
confidence is founded upon reasons ; assurance is largely a matter of feeling .
in the bad sense , assurance is a vicious courage , with belief of one's ability to outwit or defy others ; the hardened criminal is remarkable for habitual assurance .
for the calm conviction of one's own rectitude and ability , self - confidence is a better word than assurance ; self - reliance expresses confidence in one's own resources , independently of others ' aid .
in the bad sense assurance is less gross than impudence , which is ( according to its etymology ) a shameless boldness .
assurance is in act or manner ; impudence may be in speech .
effrontery is impudence defiantly displayed .
compare faith ; pride .
antonyms :
bashfulness , consternation , distrust , hesitancy , shyness , confusion , dismay , doubt , misgiving , timidity .
* * * * *
astute .
synonyms :
acute , discerning , penetrating , sharp , clear - sighted , discriminating , penetrative , shrewd , crafty , keen , perspicacious , subtile , cunning , knowing , sagacious , subtle .
acute , from the latin , suggests the sharpness of the needle's point ; keen , from the saxon , the sharpness of the cutting edge .
astute , from the latin , with the original sense of cunning has come to have a meaning that combines the sense of acute or keen with that of sagacious .
the astute mind adds to acuteness and keenness an element of cunning or finesse .
the astute debater leads his opponents into a snare by getting them to make admissions , or urge arguments , of which he sees a result that they do not perceive .
the acute , keen intellect may take no special advantage of these qualities ; the astute mind has always a point to make for itself , and seldom fails to make it .
a knowing look , air , etc . , in general indicates practical knowledge with a touch of shrewdness , and perhaps of cunning ; in regard to some special matter , it indicates the possession of reserved knowledge which the person could impart if he chose
.
knowing has often a slightly invidious sense .
we speak of a knowing rascal , meaning cunning or shrewd within a narrow range , but of a knowing horse or dog , in the sense of sagacious , implying that he knows more than could be expected of such an animal .
a knowing child has more knowledge than would be looked for at his years , perhaps more than is quite desirable , while to speak of a child as intelligent is altogether complimentary .
antonyms :
blind , idiotic , shallow , stolid , undiscerning , dull , imbecile , short - sighted , stupid , unintelligent .
* * * * *
attachment .
synonyms :
adherence , devotion , friendship , regard , adhesion , esteem , inclination , tenderness , affection , estimation , love , union .
an attachment is a feeling that binds a person by ties of heart to another person or thing ; we speak of a man's adherence to his purpose , his adhesion to his party , or to anything to which he clings tenaciously , tho with no
special tenderness ; of his attachment to his church , to the old homestead , or to any persons or objects that he may hold dear .
affection expresses more warmth of feeling ; we should not speak of a mother's attachment to her babe , but of her affection or of her devotion .
inclination expresses simply a tendency , which may be good or bad , yielded to or overcome ; as , an inclination to study ; an inclination to drink .
regard is more distant than affection or attachment , but closer and warmer than esteem ; we speak of high esteem , kind regard .
compare acquaintance ; appendage ; friendship ; love ; union .
antonyms :
alienation , aversion , distance , estrangement , repugnance , animosity , coolness , divorce , indifference , separation , antipathy , dislike , enmity , opposition , severance .
prepositions :
attachment of a true man to his friends ; attachment to a leader for his nobility of character ; the attachments between two persons or things ; attachment by muscular fibers , or by a rope , etc .
* * * * *
attack , v .
synonyms :
assail , beset , combat , invade , assault , besiege , encounter , set upon , beleaguer , charge , fall upon , storm .
to attack is to begin hostilities of any kind .
a general invades a country by marching in troops ; he attacks a city by drawing up an army against it ; he assaults it by hurling his troops directly upon its defenses .
assail and assault , tho of the same original etymology , have diverged in meaning , so that assault alone retains the meaning of direct personal violence .
one may assail another with reproaches ; he assaults him with a blow , a brandished weapon , etc .
armies or squadrons charge ; combat and encounter may be said of individual contests .
to beset is to set around , or , so to speak , to stud one's path , with menaces , attacks , or persuasions .
to besiege and beleaguer are the acts of armies .
to encounter is to meet face to face , and may be said either of the attacking or of the resisting force or person , or of both .
antonyms :
aid , cover , protect , shelter , support , uphold , befriend , defend , resist , shield , sustain , withstand .
prepositions :
we were attacked by the enemy with cannon and musketry .
* * * * *
attack , n .
synonyms :
aggression , incursion , invasion , onslaught , assault , infringement , onset , trespass .
encroachment , intrusion ,
an attack may be by word ; an aggression is always by deed .
an assault may be upon the person , an aggression is upon rights , possessions , etc .
an invasion of a nation's territories is an act of aggression ; an intrusion upon a neighboring estate is a trespass .
onslaught signifies intensely violent assault , as by an army or a desperado , tho it is sometimes used of violent speech .
antonyms :
defense , repulsion , resistance , retreat , submission , surrender .
prepositions :
the enemy made an attack upon ( or on ) our works .
* * * * *
attain .
synonyms :
accomplish , arrive at , gain , master , reach , achieve , compass , get , obtain , secure , acquire , earn , grasp , procure , win .
a person may obtain a situation by the intercession of friends , he procures a dinner by paying for it .
attain is a lofty word , pointing to some high or desirable result ; a man attains the mountain summit , he attains honor or learning as the result of strenuous and earnest labor .
even that usage of attain which has been thought to refer to mere progress of time carries the thought of a result desired ; as , to attain to old age ; the man desires to live to a good old age ; we should not speak
of his attaining his dotage .
one may attain an object that will prove not worth his labor , but what he achieves is in itself great and splendid ; as , the greeks at marathon achieved a glorious victory .
compare do ; get ; reach .
antonyms :
abandon , fail , forfeit , give up , let go , lose , miss .
* * * * *
attitude .
synonyms :
pose , position , posture .
position as applied to the arrangement or situation of the human body or limbs may denote that which is conscious or unconscious , of the living or the dead ; but we do not speak of the attitude , pose , or posture of a corpse ;
unless , in some rare case , we might say the body was found in a sitting posture , where the posture is thought of as assumed in life , or as , at first glance , suggesting life .
a posture is assumed without any special reference to expression of feeling ; as , an erect posture , a reclining posture ; attitude is the position appropriate to the expression of some feeling ; the attitude may be unconsciously taken through the strength of the feeling
; as , an attitude of defiance ; or it may be consciously assumed in the attempt to express the feeling ; as , he assumed an attitude of humility .
a pose is a position studied for artistic effect , or considered with reference to such effect ; the unconscious posture of a spectator or listener may be an admirable pose from an artist's standpoint .
* * * * *
attribute , v .
synonyms :
ascribe , associate , connect , impute , refer .
assign , charge ,
we may attribute to a person either that which belongs to him or that which we merely suppose to be his .
we attribute to god infinite power .
we may attribute a wrong intent to an innocent person .
we may attribute a result , rightly or wrongly , to a certain cause ; in such case , however , attribute carries always a concession of uncertainty or possible error .
where we are quite sure , we simply refer a matter to the cause or class to which it belongs or ascribe to one what is surely his , etc .
many diseases formerly attributed to witchcraft are now referred to the action of micro - organisms .
we may attribute a matter in silent thought ; we ascribe anything openly in speech or writing ; king saul said of the singing women , " they have ascribed unto david ten thousands , and to me they have ascribed but thousands . " we associate
things which may have no necessary or causal relation ; as , we may associate the striking of a clock with the serving of dinner , tho the two are not necessarily connected .
we charge a person with what we deem blameworthy .
we may impute good or evil , but more commonly evil .
antonyms :
deny , disconnect , dissociate , separate , sever , sunder .
prepositions :
it is uncharitable to attribute evil motives to ( archaic unto ) others .
* * * * *
attribute , n .
synonyms :
property , quality .
a quality ( l .
qualis , such ) - - the " suchness " of anything , according to the german idiom - - denotes what a thing really is in some one respect ; an attribute is what we conceive a thing to be in some one respect ; thus
, while attribute may , quality must , express something of the real nature of that to which it is ascribed ; we speak of the attributes of god , the qualities of matter .
" originally ' the attributes of god ' was preferred , probably , because men assumed no knowledge of the actual qualities of the deity , but only of those more or less fitly attributed to him . " j .
a .
h .
murray .
[ m . ] holiness is an attribute of god ; the attributes of many heathen deities have been only the qualities of wicked men joined to superhuman power .
a property ( l .
proprius , one's own ) is what belongs especially to one thing as its own peculiar possession , in distinction from all other things ; when we speak of the qualities or the properties of matter , quality is the more general , property the more limited
term .
a quality is inherent ; a property may be transient ; physicists now , however , prefer to term those qualities manifested by all bodies ( such as impenetrability , extension , etc . ) , general properties of matter , while those peculiar to certain substances
or to certain states of those substances ( as fluidity , malleability , etc . ) are termed specific properties ; in this wider use of the word property , it becomes strictly synonymous with quality .
compare characteristic ; emblem .
antonyms :
being , essence , nature , substance .
* * * * *
augur .
synonyms :
betoken , divine , foretell , predict , prognosticate , bode , forebode , portend , presage , prophesy .
" persons or things augur ; persons only forebode or presage ; things only betoken or portend . " crabb english synonymes .
we augur well for a voyage from past good fortune and a good start ; we presage success from the stanchness of the ship and the skill of the captain .
we forebode misfortune either from circumstances that betoken failure , or from gloomy fancies for which we could not give a reason .
dissipation among the officers and mutiny among the crew portend disaster .
divine has reference to the ancient soothsayers ' arts ( as in gen .
xliv , 5 , 15 ) , and refers rather to reading hearts than to reading the future .
we say i could not divine his motive , or his intention .
antonyms :
assure , demonstrate , establish , make sure , settle , calculate , determine , insure , prove , warrant .
prepositions :
i augur from all circumstances a prosperous result ; i augur ill of the enterprise ; " augurs ill to the rights of the people , " thomas jefferson writings vol .
ii , p .
506 .
[ t .
& m .
' 53 . ] i augur well , or this augurs well , for your cause .
* * * * *
authentic .
synonyms :
accepted , certain , original , sure , accredited , current , real , true , authoritative , genuine , received , trustworthy , authorized , legitimate , reliable , veritable .
that is authentic which is true to the facts ; that is genuine which is true to its own claims ; as , authentic history ; genuine money .
a ' genuine ' work is one written by the author whose name it bears ; an ' authentic ' work is one which relates truthfully the matters of which it treats .
for example , the apocryphal gospel of st .
thomas is neither ' genuine ' nor ' authentic . ' it is not ' genuine , ' for st .
thomas did not write it ; it is not ' authentic , ' for its contents are mainly fables and lies .
trench on the study of words lect .
vi , p .
189 .
[ w .
j .
w . ]
authentic is , however , used by reputable writers as synonymous with genuine , tho usually where genuineness carries a certain authority .
we speak of accepted conclusions , certain evidence , current money , genuine letters , a legitimate conclusion or legitimate authority , original manuscripts , real value , received interpretation , sure proof , a true statement , a trustworthy witness , a veritable discovery .
antonyms :
apocryphal , counterfeit , exploded , false , spurious , baseless , disputed , fabulous , fictitious , unauthorized .
* * * * *
auxiliary .
synonyms :
accessory , ally , coadjutor , helper , promoter , aid , assistant , confederate , mercenary , subordinate .
an auxiliary is a person or thing that helps in a subordinate capacity .
allies unite as equals ; auxiliaries are , at least technically , inferiors or subordinates .
yet the auxiliary is more than a mere assistant .
the word is oftenest found in the plural , and in the military sense ; auxiliaries are troops of one nation uniting with the armies , and acting under the orders , of another .
mercenaries serve only for pay ; auxiliaries often for reasons of state , policy , or patriotism as well .
compare accessory ; appendage .
antonyms :
antagonist , hinderer , opponent , opposer .
prepositions :
the auxiliaries of the romans ; an auxiliary in a good cause ; an auxiliary to learning .
* * * * *
avaricious .
synonyms :
close , greedy , niggardly , penurious , sordid , covetous , miserly , parsimonious , rapacious , stingy .
avaricious and covetous refer especially to acquisition , miserly , niggardly , parsimonious , and penurious to expenditure .
the avaricious man has an eager craving for money , and ordinarily desires both to get and to keep , the covetous man to get something away from its possessor ; tho one may be made avaricious by the pressure of great expenditures .
miserly and niggardly persons seek to gain by mean and petty savings ; the miserly by stinting themselves , the niggardly by stinting others .
parsimonious and penurious may apply to one's outlay either for himself or for others ; in the latter use , they are somewhat less harsh and reproachful terms than niggardly .
the close man holds like a vise all that he gets .
near and nigh are provincial words of similar import .
the rapacious have the robber instinct , and put it in practise in some form , as far as they dare .
the avaricious and rapacious are ready to reach out for gain ; the parsimonious , miserly , and niggardly prefer the safer and less adventurous way of avoiding expenditure .
greedy and stingy are used not only of money , but often of other things , as food , etc .
the greedy child wishes to enjoy everything himself ; the stingy child , to keep others from getting it .
antonyms :
bountiful , free , generous , liberal , munificent , prodigal , wasteful .
preposition :
the monarch was avaricious of power .
* * * * *
avenge .
synonyms :
punish , retaliate , revenge , vindicate , visit .
avenge and revenge , once close synonyms , are now far apart in meaning .
to avenge is to visit some offense with punishment , in order to vindicate the righteous , or to uphold and illustrate the right by the suffering or destruction of the wicked .
" and seeing one of them suffer wrong , he avenged him that was oppressed , and smote the egyptian , " acts vii , 24 .
to revenge is to inflict harm or suffering upon another through personal anger and resentment at something done to ourselves .
avenge is unselfish ; revenge is selfish .
revenge , according to present usage , could not be said of god .
to retaliate may be necessary for self - defense , without the idea of revenge .
compare revenge .
prepositions :
avenge on or upon ( rarely , avenge oneself of ) a wrong - doer .
* * * * *
avow .
synonyms :
knowledge , aver , confess , own , profess , testify , admit , avouch , declare , proclaim , protest , witness .
acknowledge , admit , and declare refer either to oneself or to others ; all the other words refer only to one's own knowledge or action .
to avow is to declare boldly and openly , commonly as something one is ready to justify , maintain , or defend .
a man acknowledges another's claim or his own promise ; he admits an opponent's advantage or his own error ; he declares either what he has seen or experienced or what he has received from another ; he avers what he is sure of from his own
knowledge or consciousness ; he gives his assurance as the voucher for what he avouches ; he avows openly a belief or intention that he has silently held .
avow and avouch take a direct object ; aver is followed by a conjunction : a man avows his faith , avouches a deed , avers that he was present .
avow has usually a good sense ; what a person avows he at least does not treat as blameworthy , criminal , or shameful ; if he did , he would be said to confess it ; yet there is always the suggestion that some will be
ready to challenge or censure what one avows ; as , the clergyman avowed his dissent from the doctrine of his church .
own applies to all things , good or bad , great or small , which one takes as his own .
compare confess ; state .
antonyms :
contradict , deny , disavow , disclaim , disown , ignore , repudiate .
* * * * *
awful .
synonyms :
alarming , direful , frightful , majestic , solemn , appalling , dread , grand , noble , stately , august , dreadful , horrible , portentous , terrible , dire , fearful , imposing , shocking , terrific .
awful should not be used of things which are merely disagreeable or annoying , nor of all that are alarming and terrible , but only of such as bring a solemn awe upon the soul , as in the presence of a superior power ; as ,
the awful hush before the battle .
that which is awful arouses an oppressive , that which is august an admiring reverence ; we speak of the august presence of a mighty monarch , the awful presence of death .
we speak of an exalted station , a grand mountain , an imposing presence , a majestic cathedral , a noble mien , a solemn litany , a stately march , an august assembly , the awful scene of the judgment day .
antonyms :
base , contemptible , inferior , paltry , beggarly , despicable , lowly , undignified , commonplace , humble , mean , vulgar .
* * * * *
awkward .
synonyms :
boorish , clumsy , rough , unhandy , bungling , gawky , uncouth , unskilful .
clownish , maladroit , ungainly ,
awkward , from awk ( kindred with off , from the norwegian ) , is off - ward , turned the wrong way ; it was anciently used of a back - handed or left - handed blow in battle , of squinting eyes , etc .
clumsy , on the other hand ( from clumse , also through the norwegian ) , signifies benumbed , stiffened with cold ; this is the original meaning of clumsy fingers , clumsy limbs .
thus , awkward primarily refers to action , clumsy to condition .
a tool , a vehicle , or the human frame may be clumsy in shape or build , awkward in motion .
the clumsy man is almost of necessity awkward , but the awkward man may not be naturally clumsy .
the finest untrained colt is awkward in harness ; a horse that is clumsy in build can never be trained out of awkwardness .
an awkward statement has an uncomfortable , and perhaps recoiling force ; a statement that contains ill - assorted and incongruous material in ill - chosen language is clumsy .
we speak of an awkward predicament , an awkward scrape .
an awkward excuse commonly reflects on the one who offers it .
we say the admitted facts have an awkward appearance .
in none of these cases could clumsy be used .
clumsy is , however , applied to movements that seem as unsuitable as those of benumbed and stiffened limbs .
a dancing bear is both clumsy and awkward .
antonyms :
adroit , clever , dexterous , handy , skilful .
prepositions :
the raw recruit is awkward in action ; at the business .
* * * * *
axiom .
synonym :
truism .
both the axiom and the truism are instantly seen to be true , and need no proof ; but in an axiom there is progress of thought , while the truism simply says the same thing over again , or says what is too manifest to need
saying .
the axiom that " things which are equal to the same thing are equal to one another " unfolds in the latter part of the sentence the truth implied in the first part , which might have been overlooked if not stated .
in the truism that " a man can do all he is capable of , " the former and the latter part of the sentence are simply identical , and the mind is left just where it started .
hence the axiom is valuable and useful , while the truism is weak and flat , unless the form of statement makes it striking or racy , as " all fools are out of their wits . " compare proverb .
antonyms :
absurdity , contradiction , demonstration , nonsense , paradox , sophism .
* * * * *
babble .
synonyms :
blab , cackle , gabble , murmur , prattle , blurt , chat , gossip , palaver , tattle , blurt out , chatter , jabber , prate , twaddle .
most of these words are onomatopoetic .
the cackle of a hen , the gabble of a goose , the chatter of a magpie , the babble of a running stream , as applied to human speech , indicate a rapid succession of what are to the listener meaningless sounds .
blab and blurt ( commonly blurt out ) refer to the letting out of what the lips can no longer keep in ; blab , of a secret ; blurt out , of passionate feeling .
to chat is to talk in an easy , pleasant way , not without sense , but without special purpose .
chatting is the practise of adults , prattling that of children .
to prate is to talk idly , presumptuously , or foolishly , but not necessarily incoherently .
to jabber is to utter a rapid succession of unintelligible sounds , generally more noisy than chattering .
to gossip is to talk of petty personal matters , as for pastime or mischief .
to twaddle is to talk feeble nonsense .
to murmur is to utter suppressed or even inarticulate sounds , suggesting the notes of a dove , or the sound of a running stream , and is used figuratively of the half suppressed utterances of affection or pity , or of complaint , resentment , etc
.
compare speak .
prepositions :
babies babble for the moon ; the crowd babbles of a hero ; the sick man babbles of home .
* * * * *
banish .
synonyms :
ban , dismiss , evict , expatriate , ostracize , discharge , drive out , exile , expel , oust .
dislodge , eject ,
banish , primarily to put under ban , to compel by authority to leave a place or country , perhaps with restriction to some other place or country .
from a country , a person may be banished , exiled , or expatriated ; banished from any country where he may happen to be , but expatriated or exiled only from his own .
one may expatriate or exile himself ; he is banished by others .
banish is a word of wide import ; one may banish disturbing thoughts ; care may banish sleep .
to expel is to drive out with violence or rudeness , and so often with disgrace .
prepositions :
cataline was banished from rome ; john the apostle was banished to patmos .
* * * * *
bank .
synonyms :
beach , bound , brink , edge , margin , shore , border , brim , coast , marge , rim , strand .
bank is a general term for the land along the edge of a water course ; it may also denote a raised portion of the bed of a river , lake , or ocean ; as , the banks of newfoundland .
a beach is a strip or expanse of incoherent wave - worn sand , which is often pebbly or full of boulders ; we speak of the beach of a lake or ocean ; a beach is sometimes found in the bend of a river .
strand is a more poetic term for a wave - washed shore , especially as a place for landing or embarking ; as , the keel grates on the strand .
the whole line of a country or continent that borders the sea is a coast .
shore is any land , whether cliff , or sand , or marsh , bordering water .
we do not speak of the coast of a river , nor of the banks of the ocean , tho there may be banks by or under the sea .
edge is the line where land and water meet ; as , the water's edge .
brink is the place from which one may fall ; as , the river's brink ; the brink of a precipice ; the brink of ruin .
* * * * *
banter .
synonyms :
badinage , derision , jeering , raillery , sarcasm , chaff , irony , mockery , ridicule , satire .
banter is the touching upon some fault , weakness , or fancied secret of another in a way half to pique and half to please ; badinage is delicate , refined banter .
raillery has more sharpness , but is usually good - humored and well meant .
irony , the saying one thing that the reverse may be understood , may be either mild or bitter .
all the other words have a hostile intent .
ridicule makes a person or thing the subject of contemptuous merriment ; derision seeks to make the object derided seem utterly despicable - - to laugh it to scorn .
chaff is the coarse witticism of the streets , perhaps merry , oftener malicious ; jeering is loud , rude ridicule , as of a hostile crowd or mob .
mockery is more studied , and may include mimicry and personal violence , as well as scornful speech .
a satire is a formal composition ; a sarcasm may be an impromptu sentence .
the satire shows up follies to keep people from them ; the sarcasm hits them because they are foolish , without inquiring whether it will do good or harm ; the satire is plainly uttered ; the sarcasm is covert .
* * * * *
barbarous .
synonyms :
atrocious , brutal , merciless , uncivilized , barbarian , cruel , rude , uncouth , barbaric , inhuman , savage , untamed .
whatever is not civilized is barbarian ; barbaric indicates rude magnificence , uncultured richness ; as , barbaric splendor , a barbaric melody .
barbarous refers to the worst side of barbarian life , and to revolting acts , especially of cruelty , such as a civilized man would not be expected to do ; as , a barbarous deed .
we may , however , say barbarous nations , barbarous tribes , without implying anything more than want of civilization and culture .
savage is more distinctly bloodthirsty than barbarous .
in this sense we speak of a savage beast and of barbarous usage .
antonyms :
civilized , cultured , elegant , humane , polite , tender , courtly , delicate , graceful , nice , refined , urbane .
* * * * *
barrier .
synonyms :
bar , bulwark , obstruction , rampart , barricade , hindrance , parapet , restraint , breastwork , obstacle , prohibition , restriction .
a bar is something that is or may be firmly fixed , ordinarily with intent to prevent entrance or egress ; as , the bars of a prison cell ; the bars of a wood - lot .
a barrier obstructs , but is not necessarily impassable .
barrier is used of objects more extensive than those to which bar is ordinarily applied .
a mountain range may be a barrier to exploration ; but a mass of sand across the entrance to a harbor is called a bar .
discovered falsehood is a bar to confidence .
barricade has become practically a technical name for an improvised street fortification , and , unless in some way modified , is usually so understood .
a parapet is a low or breast - high wall , as about the edge of a roof , terrace , etc . , especially , in military use , such a wall for the protection of troops ; a rampart is the embankment surrounding a fort
, on which the parapet is raised ; the word rampart is often used as including the parapet .
bulwark is a general word for any defensive wall or rampart ; its only technical use at present is in nautical language , where it signifies the raised side of a ship above the upper deck , topped by the rail .
compare boundary ; impediment .
antonyms :
admittance , opening , road , transit , entrance , passage , thoroughfare , way .
prepositions :
a barrier to progress , against invasion ; a barrier between nations .
* * * * *
battle .
synonyms :
action , combat , encounter , passage of arms , affair , conflict , engagement , skirmish , bout , contest , fight , strife .
conflict is a general word which describes opponents , whether individuals or hosts , as dashed together .
one continuous conflict between entire armies is a battle .
another battle may be fought upon the same field after a considerable interval ; or a new battle may follow immediately , the armies meeting upon a new field .
an action is brief and partial ; a battle may last for days .
engagement is a somewhat formal expression for battle ; as , it was the commander's purpose to avoid a general engagement .
a protracted war , including many battles , may be a stubborn contest .
combat , originally a hostile encounter between individuals , is now used also for extensive engagements .
a skirmish is between small detachments or scattered troops .
an encounter may be either purposed or accidental , between individuals or armed forces .
fight is a word of less dignity than battle ; we should not ordinarily speak of waterloo as a fight , unless where the word is used in the sense of fighting ; as , i was in the thick of the fight .
antonyms :
armistice , concord , peace , suspension of hostilities , truce .
prepositions :
a battle of giants ; battle between armies ; a battle for life , against invaders ; a battle to the death ; the battle of ( more rarely at ) marathon .
* * * * *
beat .
synonyms :
bastinado , chastise , overcome , spank , thrash , batter , conquer , pommel , strike , vanquish , belabor , cudgel , pound , surpass , whip , bruise , defeat , scourge , switch , worst .
castigate , flog , smite ,
strike is the word for a single blow ; to beat is to strike repeatedly , as a bird beats the air with its wings .
others of the above words describe the manner of beating , as bastinado , to beat on the soles of the feet ; belabor , to inflict a comprehensive and exhaustive beating ; cudgel , to beat with a stick ; thrash , as wheat was beaten
out with the old hand - flail ; to pound ( akin to l .
pondus , a weight ) is to beat with a heavy , and pommel with a blunt , instrument .
to batter and to bruise refer to the results of beating ; that is battered which is broken or defaced by repeated blows on the surface ( compare synonyms for shatter ) ; that is bruised which has suffered even one severe contusion .
the metaphorical sense of beat , however , so far preponderates that one may be very badly bruised and battered , and yet not be said to be beaten , unless he has got the worst of the beating .
to beat a combatant is to disable or dishearten him for further fighting .
hence beat becomes the synonym for every word which implies getting the advantage of another .
compare conquer .
antonyms :
fail , fall , get the worst of , go down , go under , surrender .
almost all antonyms in this class are passive , and can be formed indefinitely from the conquering words by the use of the auxiliary be ; as , be beaten , be defeated , be conquered , etc .
prepositions :
beat with a stick over the head ; beat by a trick ; out of town ; beat to the ground ; into submission .
* * * * *
beautiful .
synonyms :
attractive , charming , exquisite , handsome , beauteous , comely , fair , lovely , bewitching , delightful , fine , picturesque , bonny , elegant , graceful , pretty .
the definition of beauty , " perfection of form , " is a good key to the meaning of beautiful , if we understand " form " in its widest sense .
there must also be harmony and unity , and in human beings spiritual loveliness , to constitute an object or a person really beautiful .
thus , we speak of a beautiful landscape , a beautiful poem .
but beautiful implies also , in concrete objects , softness of outline and delicacy of mold ; it is opposed to all that is hard and rugged , hence we say a beautiful woman , but not a beautiful man .
beautiful has the further limit of not transcending our powers of appreciation .
pretty expresses in a far less degree that which is pleasing to a refined taste in objects comparatively small , slight , and dainty ; as , a pretty bonnet ; a pretty girl .
that is handsome which is not only superficially pleasing , but well and harmoniously proportioned , with usually the added idea that it is made so by art , breeding , or training ; as , a handsome horse ; a handsome house .
handsome is a term far inferior to beautiful ; we may even say a handsome villain .
fair denotes what is bright , smooth , clear , and without blemish ; as , a fair face .
the word applies wholly to what is superficial ; we can say " fair , yet false . " in a specific sense , fair has the sense of blond , as opposed to dark or brunette .
one who possesses vivacity , wit , good nature , or other pleasing qualities may be attractive without beauty .
comely denotes an aspect that is smooth , genial , and wholesome , with a certain fulness of contour and pleasing symmetry , tho falling short of the beautiful ; as , a comely matron .
that is picturesque which would make a striking picture .
antonyms :
awkward , frightful , grotesque , repulsive , uncouth , clumsy , ghastly , hideous , shocking , ungainly , deformed , grim , horrid , ugly , unlovely , disgusting , grisly , odious , unattractive , unpleasant .
prepositions :
beautiful to the eye ; beautiful in appearance , in spirit ; " beautiful for situation , " ps .
xlviii , 2 ; beautiful of aspect , of its kind .
* * * * *
because .
synonyms :
as , for , inasmuch as , since .
because , literally by - cause , is the most direct and complete word for giving the reason of a thing .
since , originally denoting succession in time , signifies a succession in a chain of reasoning , a natural inference or result .
as indicates something like , coordinate , parallel .
since is weaker than because ; as is weaker than since ; either may introduce the reason before the main statement ; thus , since or as you are going , i will accompany you .
often the weaker word is the more courteous , implying less constraint ; for example , as you request it , i will come , rather than i will come because you request it .
inasmuch as is a formal and qualified expression , implying by just so much , and no more ; thus , inasmuch as the debtor has no property , i abandon the claim .
for is a loose connective , giving often mere suggestion or indication rather than reason or cause ; as , it is morning , for ( not because ) the birds are singing .
antonyms :
altho , however , nevertheless , notwithstanding , yet .
compare synonyms for but ; notwithstanding .
* * * * *
becoming .
synonyms :
befitting , congruous , fit , meet , seemly , beseeming , decent , fitting , neat , suitable , comely , decorous , graceful , proper , worthy .
that is becoming in dress which suits the complexion , figure , and other qualities of the wearer , so as to produce on the whole a pleasing effect .
that is decent which does not offend modesty or propriety .
that is suitable which is adapted to the age , station , situation , and other circumstances of the wearer ; coarse , heavy boots are suitable for farm - work ; a juvenile style of dress is not suitable for an old lady .
in conduct much the same rules apply .
the dignity and gravity of a patriarch would not be becoming to a child ; at a funeral lively , cheery sociability would not be decorous , while noisy hilarity would not be decent ; sumptuous display would not be suitable for a poor person .
fit is a compendious term for whatever fits the person , time , place , occasion , etc . ; as , a fit person ; a fit abode ; a fit place .
fitting , or befitting , is somewhat more elegant , implying a nicer adaptation .
meet , a somewhat archaic word , expresses a moral fitness ; as , meet for heaven .
compare beautiful .
antonyms :
awkward , ill - fitting , indecent , unbecoming , unseemly , ill - becoming , improper , indecorous , unfit , unsuitable .
prepositions :
the dress was becoming to the wearer .
such conduct was becoming in him .
* * * * *
beginning .
synonyms :
arising , inauguration , origin , source , commencement , inception , outset , spring , fount , initiation , rise , start .
fountain , opening ,
the latin commencement is more formal than the saxon beginning , as the verb commence , is more formal than begin .
commencement is for the most part restricted to some form of action , while beginning has no restriction , but may be applied to action , state , material , extent , enumeration , or to whatever else may be conceived of as having a first part
, point , degree , etc .
the letter a is at the beginning ( not the commencement ) of every alphabet .
if we were to speak of the commencement of the pacific railroad , we should be understood to refer to the enterprise and its initiatory act ; if we were to refer to the roadway we should say " here is the beginning of the pacific railroad
. " in the great majority of cases begin and beginning are preferable to commence and commencement as the simple , idiomatic english words , always accurate and expressive .
" in the beginning was the word , " john i , 1 .
an origin is the point from which something starts or sets out , often involving , and always suggesting causal connection ; as , the origin of evil ; the origin of a nation , a government , or a family .
a source is that which furnishes a first and continuous supply , that which flows forth freely or may be readily recurred to ; as , the source of a river ; a source of knowledge ; a source of inspiration ; fertile land is a source
( not an origin ) of wealth .
a rise is thought of as in an action ; we say that a lake is the source of a certain river , or that the river takes its rise from the lake .
motley wrote of " the rise of the dutch republic . " fount , fountain , and spring , in their figurative senses , keep close to their literal meaning .
compare cause .
antonyms :
see synonyms for end .
* * * * *
behavior .
synonyms :
action , breeding , conduct , deportment , manner , bearing , carriage , demeanor , life , manners .
behavior is our action in the presence of others ; conduct includes also that which is known only to ourselves and our maker .
carriage expresses simply the manner of holding the body , especially in sitting or walking , as when it is said of a lady " she has a fine carriage . " bearing refers to the bodily expression of feeling or disposition ; as , a haughty
bearing ; a noble bearing .
demeanor is the bodily expression , not only of feelings , but of moral states ; as , a devout demeanor .
breeding , unless with some adverse limitation , denotes that manner and conduct which result from good birth and training .
deportment is behavior as related to a set of rules ; as , the pupil's deportment was faultless .
a person's manner may be that of a moment , or toward a single person ; his manners are his habitual style of behavior toward or before others , especially in matters of etiquette and politeness ; as , good manners are always pleasing .
prepositions :
the behavior of the pastor to or toward his people , on or upon the streets , before the multitude , or in the church , with the godly , or with the worldly , was alike faultless .
* * * * *
bend .
synonyms :
bias , curve , diverge , mold , submit , twist , bow , deflect , incline , persuade , turn , warp , crook , deviate , influence , stoop , twine , yield .
in some cases a thing is spoken of as bent where the parts make an angle ; but oftener to bend is understood to be to draw to or through a curve ; as , to bend a bow .
to submit or yield is to bend the mind humbly to another's wishes .
to incline or influence is to bend another's wishes toward our own ; to persuade is to draw them quite over .
to warp is to bend silently through the whole fiber , as a board in the sun .
to crook is to bend irregularly , as a crooked stick .
deflect , deviate , and diverge are said of any turning away ; deviate commonly of a slight and gradual movement , diverge of a more sharp and decided one .
to bias is to cut across the texture , or incline to one side ; in figurative use always with an unfavorable import .
mold is a stronger work than bend ; we may bend by a superior force that which still resists the constraint ; as , a bent bow ; we mold something plastic entirely to some desired form .
* * * * *
benevolence .
synonyms :
almsgiving , charity , kind - heartedness , munificence , beneficence , generosity , kindliness , philanthropy , benignity , good - will , kindness , sympathy , bounty , humanity , liberality , unselfishness .
according to the etymology and original usage , beneficence is the doing well , benevolence the wishing or willing well to others ; but benevolence has come to include beneficence , and to displace it .
we should not now speak of benevolence which did not help , unless where there was no power to help ; even then we should rather say good - will or sympathy .
charity , which originally meant the purest love for god and man ( as in 1 cor .
xiii ) , is now almost universally applied to some form of almsgiving , and is much more limited in meaning than benevolence .
benignity suggests some occult power of blessing , such as was formerly ascribed to the stars ; we may say a good man has an air of benignity .
kindness and tenderness are personal ; benevolence and charity are general .
kindness extends to all sentient beings , whether men or animals , in prosperity or in distress .
tenderness especially goes out toward the young , feeble , and needy , or even to the dead .
humanity is so much kindness and tenderness toward man or beast as it would be inhuman not to have ; we say of some act of care or kindness , " common humanity requires it . " generosity is self - forgetful kindness in disposition or action
; it includes much besides giving ; as , the generosity of forgiveness .
bounty applies to ample giving , which on a larger scale is expressed by munificence .
liberality indicates broad , genial kindly views , whether manifested in gifts or otherwise .
we speak of the bounty of a generous host , the liberality or munificence of the founder of a college , or of the liberality of a theologian toward the holders of conflicting beliefs .
philanthropy applies to wide schemes for human welfare , often , but not always , involving large expenditures in charity or benevolence .
compare mercy .
antonyms :
barbarity , greediness , ill - will , malignity , self - seeking , brutality , harshness , inhumanity , niggardliness , stinginess , churlishness , illiberality , malevolence , selfishness , unkindness .
prepositions :
benevolence of , on the part of , or from the wealthy , to or toward the poor .
* * * * *
bind .
synonyms :
compel , fetter , oblige , restrict , shackle , engage , fix , restrain , secure , tie .
fasten ,
binding is primarily by something flexible , as a cord or bandage drawn closely around an object or group of objects , as when we bind up a wounded limb .
we bind a sheaf of wheat with a cord ; we tie the cord in a knot ; we fasten by any means that will make things hold together , as a board by nails , or a door by a lock .
the verbs tie and fasten are scarcely used in the figurative sense , tho , using the noun , we speak of the ties of affection .
bind has an extensive figurative use .
one is bound by conscience or honor ; he is obliged by some imperious necessity ; engaged by his own promise ; compelled by physical force or its moral equivalent .
antonyms :
free , loose , set free , unbind , unfasten , unloose , untie .
prepositions :
bind to a pillar ; unto an altar ; to a service ; bind one with chains or in chains ; one is bound by a contract ; a splint is bound upon a limb ; the arms may be bound to the sides or behind the
back ; bind a wreath about , around , or round the head ; twigs are bound in or into fagots ; for military purposes , they are bound at both ends and in the middle ; one is bound by a contract , or bound under
a penalty to fulfil a contract .
* * * * *
bitter .
synonyms :
acerb , acidulous , caustic , pungent , stinging , acetous , acrid , cutting , savage , tart , acid , acrimonious , harsh , sharp , vinegarish , acidulated , biting , irate , sour , virulent .
acid , sour , and bitter agree in being contrasted with sweet , but the two former are sharply distinguished from the latter .
acid or sour is the taste of vinegar or lemon - juice ; bitter that of quassia , quinine , or strychnine .
acrid is nearly allied to bitter .
pungent suggests the effect of pepper or snuff on the organs of taste or smell ; as , a pungent odor .
caustic indicates the corroding effect of some strong chemical , as nitrate of silver .
in a figurative sense , as applied to language or character , these words are very closely allied .
we say a sour face , sharp words , bitter complaints , caustic wit , cutting irony , biting sarcasm , a stinging taunt , harsh judgment , a tart reply .
harsh carries the idea of intentional and severe unkindness , bitter of a severity that arises from real or supposed ill treatment .
the bitter speech springs from the sore heart .
tart and sharp utterances may not proceed from an intention to wound , but merely from a wit recklessly keen ; cutting , stinging , and biting speech indicates more or less of hostile intent , the latter being the more deeply malicious .
the caustic utterance is meant to burn , perhaps wholesomely , as in the satire of juvenal or cervantes .
compare morose .
antonyms :
dulcet , honeyed , luscious , nectared , saccharine , sweet .
* * * * *
bleach , v .
synonyms :
blanch , make white , whiten , whitewash .
to whiten is to make white in general , but commonly it means to overspread with white coloring - matter .
bleach and blanch both signify to whiten by depriving of color , the former permanently , as linen ; the latter either permanently ( as , to blanch celery ) or temporarily ( as , to blanch the cheek with fear ) .
to whitewash is to whiten superficially , especially by false approval .
antonyms :
blacken , color , darken , dye , soil , stain .
* * * * *
blemish .
synonyms :
blot , defacement , disgrace , injury , spot , blur , defect , dishonor , reproach , stain , brand , deformity , fault , smirch , stigma , crack , dent , flaw , soil , taint , daub , disfigurement , imperfection , speck
, tarnish .
whatever mars the beauty or completeness of an object is a blemish , whether original , as squinting eyes , or the result of accident or disease , etc . , as the pits of smallpox .
a blemish is superficial ; a flaw or taint is in structure or substance .
in the moral sense , we speak of a blot or stain upon reputation ; a flaw or taint in character .
a defect is the want or lack of something ; fault , primarily a failing , is something that fails of an apparent intent or disappoints a natural expectation ; thus a sudden dislocation or displacement of geological strata is called a fault .
figuratively , a blemish comes from one's own ill - doing ; a brand or stigma is inflicted by others ; as , the brand of infamy .
* * * * *
blow .
synonyms :
box , concussion , disaster , misfortune , stripe , buffet , cuff , knock , rap , stroke , calamity , cut , lash , shock , thump .
a blow is a sudden impact , as of a fist or a club ; a stroke is a sweeping movement ; as , the stroke of a sword , of an oar , of the arm in swimming .
a shock is the sudden encounter with some heavy body ; as , colliding railway - trains meet with a shock ; the shock of battle .
a slap is given with the open hand , a lash with a whip , thong , or the like ; we speak also of the cut of a whip .
a buffet or cuff is given only with the hand ; a blow either with hand or weapon .
a cuff is a somewhat sidelong blow , generally with the open hand ; as , a cuff or box on the ear .
a stripe is the effect or mark of a stroke .
in the metaphorical sense , blow is used for sudden , stunning , staggering calamity or sorrow ; stroke for sweeping disaster , and also for sweeping achievement and success .
we say a stroke of paralysis , or a stroke of genius .
we speak of the buffets of adverse fortune .
shock is used of that which is at once sudden , violent , and prostrating ; we speak of a shock of electricity , the shock of an amputation , a shock of surprise .
compare beat .
* * * * *
bluff .
synonyms :
abrupt , brusk , impolite , rough , blunt , coarse , inconsiderate , rude , blustering , discourteous , open , uncivil , bold , frank , plain - spoken , unmannerly .
bluff is a word of good meaning , as are frank and open .
the bluff man talks and laughs loudly and freely , says and does whatever he pleases with fearless good nature , and with no thought of annoying or giving pain to others .
the blunt man says things which he is perfectly aware are disagreeable , either from a defiant indifference to others ' feelings , or from the pleasure of tormenting .
antonyms :
bland , genial , polished , polite , refined , reserved , urbane .
courteous ,
* * * * *
body .
synonyms :
ashes , clay , dust , frame , system , carcass , corpse , form , remains , trunk .
body denotes the entire physical structure , considered as a whole , of man or animal ; form looks upon it as a thing of shape and outline , perhaps of beauty ; frame regards it as supported by its bony framework ; system views it as
an assemblage of many related and harmonious organs .
body , form , frame , and system may be either dead or living ; clay and dust are sometimes so used in religious or poetic style , tho ordinarily these words are used only of the dead .
corpse and remains are used only of the dead .
corpse is the plain technical word for a dead body still retaining its unity ; remains may be used after any lapse of time ; the latter is also the more refined and less ghastly term ; as , friends are invited to view the remains .
carcass applies only to the body of an animal , or of a human being regarded with contempt and loathing .
compare company .
antonyms :
intellect , intelligence , mind , soul , spirit .
* * * * *
both .
synonyms :
twain , two .
both refers to two objects previously mentioned , or had in mind , viewed or acting in connection ; as , both men fired at once ; " two men fired " might mean any two , out of any number , and without reference to any
previous thought or mention .
twain is a nearly obsolete form of two .
the two , or the twain , is practically equivalent to both ; both , however , expresses a closer unity .
we would say both men rushed against the enemy ; the two men flew at each other .
compare every .
antonyms :
each , either , every , neither , none , no one , not any .
* * * * *
boundary .
synonyms :
barrier , confines , limit , margin , border , edge , line , term , bound , enclosure , marches , termination , bourn , frontier , marge , verge .
bourne , landmark ,
the boundary was originally the landmark , that which marked off one piece of territory from another .
the bound is the limit , marked or unmarked .
now , however , the difference between the two words has come to be simply one of usage .
as regards territory , we speak of the boundaries of a nation or of an estate ; the bounds of a college , a ball - ground , etc .
bounds may be used for all within the limits , boundary for the limiting line only .
boundary looks to that which is without ; bound only to that which is within .
hence we speak of the bounds , not the boundaries , of a subject , of the universe , etc . ; we say the students were forbidden to go beyond the bounds .
a barrier is something that bars ingress or egress .
a barrier may be a boundary , as was the great wall of china .
bourn , or bourne , is a poetical expression for bound or boundary .
a border is a strip of land along the boundary .
edge is a sharp terminal line , as where river or ocean meets the land .
limit is now used almost wholly in the figurative sense ; as , the limit of discussion , of time , of jurisdiction .
line is a military term ; as , within the lines , or through the lines , of an army .
compare barrier ; end .
antonyms :
center , citadel , estate , inside , interior , land , region , territory .
prepositions :
the boundaries of an estate ; the boundary between neighboring territories .
* * * * *
brave .
synonyms :
adventurous , courageous , fearless , undaunted , bold , daring , gallant , undismayed , chivalric , dauntless , heroic , valiant , chivalrous , doughty , intrepid , venturesome .
the adventurous man goes in quest of danger ; the bold man stands out and faces danger or censure ; the brave man combines confidence with resolution in presence of danger ; the chivalrous man puts himself in peril for others ' protection .
the daring step out to defy danger ; the dauntless will not flinch before anything that may come to them ; the doughty will give and take limitless hard knocks .
the adventurous find something romantic in dangerous enterprises ; the venturesome may be simply heedless , reckless , or ignorant .
all great explorers have been adventurous ; children , fools , and criminals are venturesome .
the fearless and intrepid possess unshaken nerves in any place of danger .
courageous is more than brave , adding a moral element : the courageous man steadily encounters perils to which he may be keenly sensitive , at the call of duty ; the gallant are brave in a dashing , showy , and splendid way ; the valiant
not only dare great dangers , but achieve great results ; the heroic are nobly daring and dauntless , truly chivalrous , sublimely courageous .
compare fortitude .
antonyms :
afraid , cringing , fearful , pusillanimous , timid , cowardly , faint - hearted , frightened , shrinking , timorous .
* * * * *
break .
synonyms :
bankrupt , crack , destroy , rive , shatter , split , burst , crush , fracture , rupture , shiver , sunder , cashier , demolish , rend , sever , smash , transgress .
to break is to divide sharply , with severance of particles , as by a blow or strain .
to burst is to break by pressure from within , as a bombshell , but it is used also for the result of violent force otherwise exerted ; as , to burst in a door , where the door yields as if to an explosion .
to crush is to break by pressure from without , as an egg - shell .
to crack is to break without complete severance of parts ; a cracked cup or mirror may still hold together .
fracture has a somewhat similar sense .
in a fractured limb , the ends of the broken bone may be separated , tho both portions are still retained within the common muscular tissue .
a shattered object is broken suddenly and in numerous directions ; as , a vase is shattered by a blow , a building by an earthquake .
a shivered glass is broken into numerous minute , needle - like fragments .
to smash is to break thoroughly to pieces with a crashing sound by some sudden act of violence ; a watch once smashed will scarcely be worth repair .
to split is to cause wood to crack or part in the way of the grain , and is applied to any other case where a natural tendency to separation is enforced by an external cause ; as , to split a convention or a party .
to demolish is to beat down , as a mound , building , fortress , etc . ; to destroy is to put by any process beyond restoration physically , mentally , or morally ; to destroy an army is so to shatter and scatter it that
it can not be rallied or reassembled as a fighting force .
compare rend .
antonyms :
attach , bind , fasten , join , mend , secure , solder , unite , weld .
prepositions :
break to pieces , or in pieces , into several pieces ( when the object is thought of as divided rather than shattered ) ; break with a friend ; from or away from a suppliant ; break into a house ; out of prison ; break
across one's knee ; break through a hedge ; break in upon one's retirement ; break over the rules ; break on or upon the shore , against the rocks .
* * * * *
brutish .
synonyms :
animal , brutal , ignorant , sensual , swinish , base , brute , imbruted , sottish , unintellectual , beastly , carnal , insensible , stolid , unspiritual , bestial , coarse , lascivious , stupid , vile .
a brutish man simply follows his animal instincts , without special inclination to do harm ; the brutal have always a spirit of malice and cruelty .
brute has no special character , except as indicating what a brute might possess ; much the same is true of animal , except that animal leans more to the side of sensuality , brute to that of force , as appears in the familiar phrase "
brute force . " hunger is an animal appetite ; a brute impulse suddenly prompts one to strike a blow in anger .
bestial , in modern usage , implies an intensified and degrading animalism .
any supremacy of the animal or brute instincts over the intellectual and spiritual in man is base and vile .
beastly refers largely to the outward and visible consequences of excess ; as , beastly drunkenness .
compare animal .
antonyms :
elevated , exalted , great , intellectual , noble , enlightened , grand , humane , intelligent , refined .
* * * * *
burn .
synonyms :
blaze , char , flame , incinerate , set fire to , brand , consume , flash , kindle , set on fire , cauterize , cremate , ignite , scorch , singe .
to burn is to subject to the action of fire , or of intense heat so as to effect either partial change or complete combustion ; as , to burn wood in the fire ; to burn one's hand on a hot stove ; the sun burns
the face .
one brands with a hot iron , but cauterizes with some corrosive substance , as silver nitrate .
cremate is now used specifically for consuming a dead body by intense heat .
to incinerate is to reduce to ashes ; the sense differs little from that of cremate , but it is in less popular use .
to kindle is to set on fire , as if with a candle ; ignite is the more learned and scientific word for the same thing , extending even to the heating of metals to a state of incandescence without burning .
to scorch and to singe are superficial , and to char usually so .
both kindle and burn have an extensive figurative use ; as , to kindle strife ; to burn with wrath , love , devotion , curiosity .
compare light .
antonyms :
cool , extinguish , put out , smother , stifle , subdue .
prepositions :
to burn in the fire , burn with fire ; burn to the ground , burn to ashes ; burn through the skin , or the roof ; burn into the soil , etc .
* * * * *
business .
synonyms :
affair , commerce , handicraft , trading , art , concern , job , traffic , avocation , craft , occupation , transaction , barter , duty , profession , vocation , calling , employment , trade , work .
a business is what one follows regularly ; an occupation is what he happens at any time to be engaged in ; trout - fishing may be one's occupation for a time , as a relief from business ; business is ordinarily for profit , while the
occupation may be a matter of learning , philanthropy , or religion .
a profession implies scholarship ; as , the learned professions .
pursuit is an occupation which one follows with ardor .
an avocation is what calls one away from other work ; a vocation or calling , that to which one is called by some special fitness or sense of duty ; thus , we speak of the gospel ministry as a vocation or calling , rather than
a business .
trade or trading is , in general , the exchanging of one thing for another ; in the special sense , a trade is an occupation involving manual training and skilled labor ; as , the ancient jews held that every boy should learn a trade .
a transaction is a single action , whether in business , diplomacy , or otherwise ; affair has a similar , but lighter meaning ; as , this little affair ; an important transaction .
the plural affairs has a distinctive meaning , including all activities where men deal with one another on any considerable scale ; as , a man of affairs .
a job is a piece of work viewed as a single undertaking , and ordinarily paid for as such .
trade and commerce may be used as equivalents , but trade is capable of a more limited application ; we speak of the trade of a village , the commerce of a nation .
barter is the direct exchange of commodities ; business , trade , and commerce are chiefly transacted by means of money , bills of exchange , etc .
business , occupation , etc . , may be what one does independently ; employment may be in the service of another .
work is any application of energy to secure a result , or the result thus secured ; thus , we speak of the work of god .
art in the industrial sense is a system of rules and accepted methods for the accomplishment of some practical result ; as , the art of printing ; collectively , the arts .
a craft is some occupation requiring technical skill or manual dexterity , or the persons , collectively , engaged in its exercise ; as , the weaver's craft .
prepositions :
the business of a druggist ; in business with his father ; doing business for his father ; have you business with me ?
business in new york ; business about , concerning , or in regard to certain property .
* * * * *
but .
synonyms :
and , however , notwithstanding , that , barely , just , only , tho , besides , merely , provided , unless , except , moreover , save , yet .
further , nevertheless , still ,
but ranges from the faintest contrast to absolute negation ; as , i am willing to go , but ( on the other hand ) content to stay ; he is not an honest man , but ( on the contrary ) a villain .
the contrast may be with a silent thought ; as , but let us go ( it being understood that we might stay longer ) .
in restrictive use , except and excepting are slightly more emphatic than but ; we say , no injury but a scratch ; or , no injury except some painful bruises .
such expressions as " words are but breath " ( nothing but ) may be referred to the restrictive use by ellipsis .
so may the use of but in the sense of unless ; as , " it never rains but it pours . " to the same head must be referred the conditional use ; as , " you may go , but with your father's consent "
( i .
e . , " provided you have , " " except that you must have , " etc . ) .
" doubt but " is now less used than the more logical " doubt that . " but never becomes a full synonym for and ; and adds something like , but adds something different ; " brave and tender " implies that tenderness is natural to
the brave ; " brave but tender " implies that bravery and tenderness are rarely combined .
for the concessive use , compare notwithstanding .
* * * * *
by .
synonyms :
by dint of , by means of , through , with .
by refers to the agent ; through , to the means , cause , or condition ; with , to the instrument .
by commonly refers to persons ; with , to things ; through may refer to either .
the road having become impassable through long disuse , a way was opened by pioneers with axes .
by may , however , be applied to any object which is viewed as partaking of action and agency ; as , the metal was corroded by the acid ; skill is gained by practise .
we speak of communicating with a person by letter .
through implies a more distant connection than by or with , and more intervening elements .
material objects are perceived by the mind through the senses .
* * * * *
cabal .
synonyms :
combination , confederacy , crew , gang , conclave , conspiracy , faction , junto .
a conspiracy is a combination of persons for an evil purpose , or the act of so combining .
conspiracy is a distinct crime under common , and generally under statutory , law .
a faction is more extensive than a conspiracy , less formal in organization , less definite in plan .
faction and its adjective , factious , have always an unfavorable sense .
cabal commonly denotes a conspiracy of leaders .
a gang is a company of workmen all doing the same work under one leader ; the word is used figuratively only of combinations which it is meant to stigmatize as rude and mercenary ; crew is used in a closely similar sense .
a conclave is secret , but of larger numbers , ordinarily , than a cabal , and may have honorable use ; as , the conclave of cardinals .
* * * * *
calculate .
synonyms :
account , consider , enumerate , rate , cast , count , estimate , reckon , compute , deem , number , sum up .
number is the generic term .
to count is to number one by one .
to calculate is to use more complicated processes , as multiplication , division , etc . , more rapid but not less exact .
compute allows more of the element of probability , which is still more strongly expressed by estimate .
we compute the slain in a great war from the number known to have fallen in certain great battles ; compute refers to the present or the past , estimate more frequently to the future ; as , to estimate the cost of a proposed building .
to enumerate is to mention item by item ; as , to enumerate one's grievances .
to rate is to estimate by comparison , as if the object were one of a series .
we count upon a desired future ; we do not count upon the undesired .
as applied to the present , we reckon or count a thing precious or worthless .
compare esteem .
prepositions :
it is vain to calculate on or upon an uncertain result .
* * * * *
call , v .
synonyms :
bawl , cry ( out ) , roar , shriek , bellow , ejaculate , scream , vociferate , clamor , exclaim , shout , yell .
to call is to send out the voice in order to attract another's attention , either by word or by inarticulate utterance .
animals call their mates , or their young ; a man calls his dog , his horse , etc .
the sense is extended to include summons by bell , or any signal .
to shout is to call or exclaim with the fullest volume of sustained voice ; to scream is to utter a shriller cry ; to shriek or to yell refers to that which is louder and wilder still .
we shout words ; in screaming , shrieking , or yelling there is often no attempt at articulation .
to bawl is to utter senseless , noisy cries , as of a child in pain or anger .
bellow and roar are applied to the utterances of animals , and only contemptuously to those of persons .
to clamor is to utter with noisy iteration ; it applies also to the confused cries of a multitude .
to vociferate is commonly applied to loud and excited speech where there is little besides the exertion of voice .
in exclaiming , the utterance may not be strikingly , tho somewhat , above the ordinary tone and pitch ; we may exclaim by mere interjections , or by connected words , but always by some articulate utterance .
to ejaculate is to throw out brief , disconnected , but coherent utterances of joy , regret , and especially of appeal , petition , prayer ; the use of such devotional utterances has received the special name of " ejaculatory prayer . " to cry out
is to give forth a louder and more excited utterance than in exclaiming or calling ; one often exclaims with sudden joy as well as sorrow ; if he cries out , it is oftener in grief or agony .
in the most common colloquial usage , to cry is to express grief or pain by weeping or sobbing .
one may exclaim , cry out , or ejaculate with no thought of others ' presence ; when he calls , it is to attract another's attention .
antonyms :
be silent , be still , hark , hearken , hush , list , listen .
* * * * *
calm .
synonyms :
collected , imperturbable , sedate , still , composed , peaceful , self - possessed , tranquil , cool , placid , serene , undisturbed , dispassionate , quiet , smooth , unruffled .
that is calm which is free from disturbance or agitation ; in the physical sense , free from violent motion or action ; in the mental or spiritual realm , free from excited or disturbing emotion or passion .
we speak of a calm sea , a placid lake , a serene sky , a still night , a quiet day , a quiet home .
we speak , also , of " still waters , " " smooth sailing , " which are different modes of expressing freedom from manifest agitation .
of mental conditions , one is calm who triumphs over a tendency to excitement ; cool , if he scarcely feels the tendency .
one may be calm by the very reaction from excitement , or by the oppression of overpowering emotion , as we speak of the calmness of despair .
one is composed who has subdued excited feeling ; he is collected when he has every thought , feeling , or perception awake and at command .
tranquil refers to a present state , placid , to a prevailing tendency .
we speak of a tranquil mind , a placid disposition .
the serene spirit dwells as if in the clear upper air , above all storm and shadow .
the star of the unconquered will , he rises in my breast , serene , and resolute , and still , and calm , and self - possessed .
longfellow light of stars st .
7 .
antonyms :
agitated , excited , frenzied , passionate , ruffled , violent , boisterous , fierce , furious , raging , stormy , wild , disturbed , frantic , heated , roused , turbulent , wrathful .
* * * * *
cancel .
synonyms :
abolish , discharge , nullify , rescind , abrogate , efface , obliterate , revoke , annul , erase , quash , rub off or out , blot out , expunge , remove , scratch out , cross off or out , make void , repeal ,
vacate .
cancel , efface , erase , expunge , and obliterate have as their first meaning the removal of written characters or other forms of record .
to cancel is , literally , to make a lattice by cross - lines , exactly our english cross out ; to efface is to rub off , smooth away the face , as of an inscription ; to erase is to scratch out , commonly for
the purpose of writing something else in the same space ; to expunge , is to punch out with some sharp instrument , so as to show that the words are no longer part of the writing ; to obliterate is to cover over or remove ,
as a letter , as was done by reversing the roman stylus , and rubbing out with the rounded end what had been written with the point on the waxen tablet .
what has been canceled , erased , expunged , may perhaps still be traced ; what is obliterated is gone forever , as if it had never been .
in many establishments , when a debt is discharged by payment , the record is canceled .
the figurative use of the words keeps close to the primary sense .
compare abolish .
antonyms :
approve , enact , establish , perpetuate , reenact , uphold , confirm , enforce , maintain , record , sustain , write .
* * * * *
candid .
synonyms :
aboveboard , honest , open , truthful , artless , impartial , simple , unbiased , fair , ingenuous , sincere , unprejudiced , frank , innocent , straightforward , unreserved , guileless , naive , transparent , unsophisticated .
a candid statement is meant to be true to the real facts and just to all parties ; a fair statement is really so .
fair is applied to the conduct ; candid is not ; as , fair treatment , " a fair field , and no favor . " one who is frank has a fearless and unconstrained truthfulness .
honest and ingenuous unite in expressing contempt for deceit .
on the other hand , artless , guileless , naive , simple , and unsophisticated express the goodness which comes from want of the knowledge or thought of evil .
as truth is not always agreeable or timely , candid and frank have often an objectionable sense ; " to be candid with you , " " to be perfectly frank , " are regarded as sure preludes to something disagreeable .
open and unreserved may imply unstudied truthfulness or defiant recklessness ; as , open admiration , open robbery .
there may be transparent integrity or transparent fraud .
sincere applies to the feelings , as being all that one's words would imply .
antonyms :
adroit , cunning , diplomatic , intriguing , sharp , subtle , artful , deceitful , foxy , knowing , shrewd , tricky , crafty , designing , insincere , maneuvering , sly , wily .
prepositions :
candid in debate ; candid to or toward opponents ; candid with friend or foe ; to be candid about or in regard to the matter .
* * * * *
caparison .
synonyms :
accouterments , harness , housings , trappings .
harness was formerly used of the armor of a knight as well as of a horse ; it is now used almost exclusively of the straps and appurtenances worn by a horse when attached to a vehicle ; the animal is said to be " kind in
harness . " the other words apply to the ornamental outfit of a horse , especially under saddle .
we speak also of the accouterments of a soldier .
caparison is used rarely and somewhat slightingly , and trappings quite contemptuously , for showy human apparel .
compare arms ; dress .
* * * * *
capital .
synonyms :
chief city , metropolis , seat of government .
the metropolis is the chief city in the commercial , the capital in the political sense .
the capital of an american state is rarely its metropolis .
* * * * *
care .
synonyms :
anxiety , concern , oversight , trouble , attention , direction , perplexity , vigilance , caution , forethought , precaution , wariness , charge , heed , prudence , watchfulness , circumspection , management , solicitude , worry .
care concerns what we possess ; anxiety , often , what we do not ; riches bring many cares ; poverty brings many anxieties .
care also signifies watchful attention , in view of possible harm ; as , " this side up with care ; " " take care of yourself ; " or , as a sharp warning , " take care ! " caution has a sense of possible
harm and risk only to be escaped , if at all , by careful deliberation and observation .
care inclines to the positive , caution to the negative ; care is shown in doing , caution largely in not doing .
precaution is allied with care , prudence with caution ; a man rides a dangerous horse with care ; caution will keep him from mounting the horse ; precaution looks to the saddle - girths , bit and bridle , and all that may make the rider
secure .
circumspection is watchful observation and calculation , but without the timidity implied in caution .
concern denotes a serious interest , milder than anxiety ; as , concern for the safety of a ship at sea .
heed implies attention without disquiet ; it is now largely displaced by attention and care .
solicitude involves especially the element of desire , not expressed in anxiety , and of hopefulness , not implied in care .
a parent feels constant solicitude for his children's welfare , anxiety as to dangers that threaten it , with care to guard against them .
watchfulness recognizes the possibility of danger , wariness the probability .
a man who is not influenced by caution to keep out of danger may display great wariness in the midst of it .
care has also the sense of responsibility , with possible control , as expressed in charge , management , oversight ; as , these children are under my care ; send the money to me in care of the firm .
compare alarm ; anxiety ; prudence .
antonyms :
carelessness , inattention , negligence , oversight , remissness , disregard , indifference , omission , recklessness , slight .
heedlessness , neglect ,
prepositions :
take care of the house ; for the future ; about the matter .
* * * * *
career .
synonyms :
charge , flight , passage , race , course , line of achievement , public life , rush .
a career was originally the ground for a race , or , especially , for a knight's charge in tournament or battle ; whence career was early applied to the charge itself .
if you will use the lance , take ground for your career . . . .
the four horsemen met in full career .
scott quentin durward ch .
14 , p .
194 .
[ d .
f .
& co . ]
in its figurative use career signifies some continuous and conspicuous work , usually a life - work , and most frequently one of honorable achievement .
compare business .
* * * * *
caress .
synonyms :
coddle , embrace , fondle , pamper , court , flatter , kiss , pet .
to caress is less than to embrace ; more dignified and less familiar than to fondle .
a visitor caresses a friend's child ; a mother fondles her babe .
fondling is always by touch ; caressing may be also by words , or other tender and pleasing attentions .
antonyms :
see synonyms for affront .
prepositions :
caressed by or with the hand ; caressed by admirers , at court .
* * * * *
caricature .
synonyms :
burlesque , extravaganza , mimicry , take - off , exaggeration , imitation , parody , travesty .
a caricature is a grotesque exaggeration of striking features or peculiarities , generally of a person ; a burlesque treats any subject in an absurd or incongruous manner .
a burlesque is written or acted ; a caricature is more commonly in sketch or picture .
a parody changes the subject , but keeps the style ; a travesty keeps the subject , but changes the style ; a burlesque does not hold itself to either subject or style ; but is content with a general resemblance to what it may imitate .
a caricature , parody , or travesty must have an original ; a burlesque may be an independent composition .
an account of a schoolboys ' quarrel after the general manner of homer's iliad would be a burlesque ; the real story of the iliad told in newspaper style would be a travesty .
an extravaganza is a fantastic composition , musical , dramatic , or narrative .
imitation is serious ; mimicry is either intentionally or unintentionally comical .
* * * * *
carry .
synonyms :
bear , convey , move , sustain , transmit , bring , lift , remove , take , transport .
a person may bear a load either when in motion or at rest ; he carries it only when in motion .
the stooping atlas bears the world on his shoulders ; swiftly moving time carries the hour - glass and scythe ; a person may be said either to bear or to carry a scar , since it is upon him whether in motion or at rest .
if an object is to be moved from the place we occupy , we say carry ; if to the place we occupy , we say bring .
a messenger carries a letter to a correspondent , and brings an answer .
take is often used in this sense in place of carry ; as , take that letter to the office .
carry often signifies to transport by personal strength , without reference to the direction ; as , that is more than he can carry ; yet , even so , it would not be admissible to say carry it to me , or carry it here ;
in such case we must say bring .
to lift is simply to raise from the ground , tho but for an instant , with no reference to holding or moving ; one may be able to lift what he could not carry .
the figurative uses of carry are very numerous ; as , to carry an election , carry the country , carry ( in the sense of capture ) a fort , carry an audience , carry a stock of goods , etc .
compare convey ; keep ; support .
antonyms :
drop , fall under , give up , let go , shake off , throw down , throw off .
prepositions :
to carry coals to newcastle ; carry nothing from , or out of , this house ; he carried these qualities into all he did ; carry across the street , over the bridge , through the woods , around or round the corner ; beyond the
river ; the cable was carried under the sea .
* * * * *
catastrophe .
synonyms :
calamity , denouement , mischance , mishap , cataclysm , disaster , misfortune , sequel .
a cataclysm or catastrophe is some great convulsion or momentous event that may or may not be a cause of misery to man .
in calamity , or disaster , the thought of human suffering is always present .
it has been held by many geologists that numerous catastrophes or cataclysms antedated the existence of man .
in literature , the final event of a drama is the catastrophe , or denouement .
misfortune ordinarily suggests less of suddenness and violence than calamity or disaster , and is especially applied to that which is lingering or enduring in its effects .
in history , the end of every great war or the fall of a nation is a catastrophe , tho it may not be a calamity .
yet such an event , if not a calamity to the race , will always involve much individual disaster and misfortune .
pestilence is a calamity ; a defeat in battle , a shipwreck , or a failure in business is a disaster ; sickness or loss of property is a misfortune ; failure to meet a friend is a mischance ; the breaking of a teacup is a
mishap .
antonyms :
benefit , boon , favor , pleasure , prosperity , blessing , comfort , help , privilege , success .
preposition :
the catastrophe of a play ; of a siege ; rarely , to a person , etc .
* * * * *
catch .
synonyms :
apprehend , comprehend , grasp , overtake , snatch , capture , discover , grip , secure , take , clasp , ensnare , gripe , seize , take hold of .
clutch , entrap , lay hold of ( on , upon ) ,
to catch is to come up with or take possession of something departing , fugitive , or illusive .
we catch a runaway horse , a flying ball , a mouse in a trap .
we clutch with a swift , tenacious movement of the fingers ; we grasp with a firm but moderate closure of the whole hand ; we grip or gripe with the strongest muscular closure of the whole hand possible to exert .
we clasp in the arms .
we snatch with a quick , sudden , and usually a surprising motion .
in the figurative sense , catch is used of any act that brings a person or thing into our power or possession ; as , to catch a criminal in the act ; to catch an idea , in the sense of apprehend or comprehend .
compare arrest .
antonyms :
fail of , give up , lose , release , throw aside , fall short of , let go , miss , restore , throw away .
prepositions :
to catch at a straw ; to catch a fugitive by the collar ; to catch a ball with the left hand ; he caught the disease from the patient ; the thief was caught in the act ; the bird in the snare .
* * * * *
cause .
synonyms :
actor , causality , designer , occasion , precedent , agent , causation , former , origin , reason , antecedent , condition , fountain , originator , source , author , creator , motive , power , spring .
the efficient cause , that which makes anything to be or be done , is the common meaning of the word , as in the saying " there is no effect without a cause . " every man instinctively recognizes himself acting through will as the cause
of his own actions .
the creator is the great first cause of all things .
a condition is something that necessarily precedes a result , but does not produce it .
an antecedent simply precedes a result , with or without any agency in producing it ; as , monday is the invariable antecedent of tuesday , but not the cause of it .
the direct antonym of cause is effect , while that of antecedent is consequent .
an occasion is some event which brings a cause into action at a particular moment ; gravitation and heat are the causes of an avalanche ; the steep incline of the mountain - side is a necessary condition , and the shout of the traveler may be
the occasion of its fall .
causality is the doctrine or principle of causes , causation the action or working of causes .
compare design ; reason .
antonyms :
consequence , development , end , fruit , outcome , product , creation , effect , event , issue , outgrowth , result .
prepositions :
the cause of the disaster ; cause for interference .
* * * * *
cease .
synonyms :
abstain , desist , give over , quit , bring to an end , discontinue , intermit , refrain , come to an end , end , leave off , stop , conclude , finish , pause , terminate .
strains of music may gradually or suddenly cease .
a man quits work on the instant ; he may discontinue a practise gradually ; he quits suddenly and completely ; he stops short in what he may or may not resume ; he pauses in what he will probably resume .
what intermits or is intermitted returns again , as a fever that intermits .
compare abandon ; die ; end ; rest .
antonyms :
begin , inaugurate , originate , set going , set on foot , commence , initiate , set about , set in operation , start .
enter upon , institute ,
preposition :
cease from anger .
* * * * *
celebrate .
synonyms :
commemorate , keep , observe , solemnize .
to celebrate any event or occasion is to make some demonstration of respect or rejoicing because of or in memory of it , or to perform such public rites or ceremonies as it properly demands .
we celebrate the birth , commemorate the death of one beloved or honored .
we celebrate a national anniversary with music and song , with firing of guns and ringing of bells ; we commemorate by any solemn and thoughtful service , or by a monument or other enduring memorial .
we keep the sabbath , solemnize a marriage , observe an anniversary ; we celebrate or observe the lord's supper in which believers commemorate the sufferings and death of christ .
antonyms :
contemn , dishonor , forget , neglect , profane , despise , disregard , ignore , overlook , violate .
prepositions :
we celebrate the day with appropriate ceremonies ; the victory was celebrated by the people , with rejoicing .
* * * * *
center .
synonyms :
middle , midst .
we speak of the center of a circle , the middle of a room , the middle of the street , the midst of a forest .
the center is equally distant from every point of the circumference of a circle , or from the opposite boundaries on each axis of a parallelogram , etc . ; the middle is more general and less definite .
the center is a point ; the middle may be a line or a space .
we say at the center ; in the middle .
midst commonly implies a group or multitude of surrounding objects .
compare synonyms for amid .
antonyms :
bound , boundary , circumference , perimeter , rim .
* * * * *
chagrin .
synonyms :
confusion , discomposure , humiliation , shame , disappointment , dismay , mortification , vexation .
chagrin unites disappointment with some degree of humiliation .
a rainy day may bring disappointment ; needless failure in some enterprise brings chagrin .
shame involves the consciousness of fault , guilt , or impropriety ; chagrin of failure of judgment , or harm to reputation .
a consciousness that one has displayed his own ignorance will cause him mortification , however worthy his intent ; if there was a design to deceive , the exposure will cover him with shame .
antonyms :
delight , exultation , glory , rejoicing , triumph .
prepositions :
he felt deep chagrin at ( because of , on account of ) failure .
* * * * *
change , v .
synonyms :
alter , exchange , shift , transmute , commute , metamorphose , substitute , turn , convert , modify , transfigure , vary , diversify , qualify , transform , veer .
to change is distinctively to make a thing other than it has been , in some respect at least ; to exchange to put or take something else in its place ; to alter is ordinarily to change partially , to make different in one or more
particulars .
to exchange is often to transfer ownership ; as , to exchange city for country property .
change is often used in the sense of exchange ; as , to change horses .
to transmute is to change the qualities while the substance remains the same ; as , to transmute the baser metals into gold .
to transform is to change form or appearance , with or without deeper and more essential change ; it is less absolute than transmute , tho sometimes used for that word , and is often used in a spiritual sense as transmute could not be ; "
be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind , " rom .
xii , 2 .
transfigure is , as in its scriptural use , to change in an exalted and glorious spiritual way ; " jesus . . .
was transfigured before them , and his face did shine as the sun , and his raiment was white as the light , " matt .
xvii , 1 , 2 .
to metamorphose is to make some remarkable change , ordinarily in external qualities , but often in structure , use , or chemical constitution , as of a caterpillar into a butterfly , of the stamens of a plant into petals , or of the crystalline structure
of rocks , hence called " metamorphic rocks , " as when a limestone is metamorphosed into a marble .
to vary is to change from time to time , often capriciously .
to commute is to put something easier , lighter , milder , or in some way more favorable in place of that which is commuted ; as , to commute capital punishment to imprisonment for life ; to commute daily fares on a railway to a monthly
payment .
to convert ( l .
con , with , and verto , turn ) is to primarily turn about , and signifies to change in form , character , use , etc . , through a wide range of relations ; iron is converted into steel , joy into grief , a
sinner into a saint .
to turn is a popular word for change in any sense short of the meaning of exchange , being often equivalent to alter , convert , transform , transmute , etc .
we modify or qualify a statement which might seem too strong ; we modify it by some limitation , qualify it by some addition .
antonyms :
abide , continue , hold , persist , retain , bide , endure , keep , remain , stay .
prepositions :
to change a home toilet for a street dress ; to change from a caterpillar to or into a butterfly ; to change clothes with a beggar .
* * * * *
change , n .
synonyms :
alteration , mutation , renewing , transmutation , conversion , novelty , revolution , variation , diversity , regeneration , transformation , variety , innovation , renewal , transition , vicissitude .
a change is a passing from one state or form to another , any act or process by which a thing becomes unlike what it was before , or the unlikeness so produced ; we say a change was taking place , or the change that had
taken place was manifest .
mutation is a more formal word for change , often suggesting repeated or continual change ; as , the mutations of fortune .
novelty is a change to what is new , or the newness of that to which a change is made ; as , he was perpetually desirous of novelty .
revolution is specifically and most commonly a change of government .
variation is a partial change in form , qualities , etc . , but especially in position or action ; as , the variation of the magnetic needle or of the pulse .
variety is a succession of changes or an intermixture of different things , and is always thought of as agreeable .
vicissitude is sharp , sudden , or violent change , always thought of as surprising and often as disturbing or distressing ; as , the vicissitudes of politics .
transition is change by passing from one place or state to another , especially in a natural , regular , or orderly way ; as , the transition from spring to summer , or from youth to manhood .
an innovation is a change that breaks in upon an established order or custom ; as , an innovation in religion or politics .
for the distinctions between the other words compare the synonyms for change , v .
in the religious sense regeneration is the vital renewing of the soul by the power of the divine spirit ; conversion is the conscious and manifest change from evil to good , or from a lower to a higher spiritual state ; as , in luke xxii
, 32 , " when thou art converted , strengthen thy brethren . " in popular use conversion is the most common word to express the idea of regeneration .
antonyms :
constancy , fixedness , invariability , steadiness , continuance , fixity , permanence , unchangeableness , firmness , identity , persistence , uniformity .
prepositions :
we have made a change for the better ; the change from winter to spring ; the change of a liquid to or into a gas ; a change in quality ; a change by absorption or oxidation .
* * * * *
character .
synonyms :
constitution , genius , personality , reputation , temper , disposition , nature , record , spirit , temperament .
character is what one is ; reputation , what he is thought to be ; his record is the total of his known action or inaction .
as a rule , a man's record will substantially express his character ; his reputation may be higher or lower than his character or record will justify .
repute is a somewhat formal word , with the same general sense as reputation .
one's nature includes all his original endowments or propensities ; character includes both natural and acquired traits .
we speak of one's physical constitution as strong or weak , etc . , and figuratively , always with the adjective , of his mental or moral constitution .
compare characteristic .
prepositions :
the witness has a character for veracity ; his character is above suspicion ; the character of the applicant .
* * * * *
characteristic .
synonyms :
attribute , feature , peculiarity , sign , trace , character , indication , property , singularity , trait .
distinction , mark , quality ,
a characteristic belongs to the nature or character of the person , thing , or class , and serves to identify an object ; as , a copper - colored skin , high cheek - bones , and straight , black hair are characteristics of the american
indian .
a sign is manifest to an observer ; a mark or a characteristic may be more difficult to discover ; an insensible person may show signs of life , while sometimes only close examination will disclose marks of violence .
pallor is ordinarily a mark of fear ; but in some brave natures it is simply a characteristic of intense earnestness .
mark is sometimes used in a good , but often in a bad sense ; we speak of the characteristic of a gentleman , the mark of a villain .
compare attribute ; character .
* * * * *
charming .
synonyms :
bewitching , delightful , enrapturing , fascinating , captivating , enchanting , entrancing , winning .
that is charming or bewitching which is adapted to win others as by a magic spell .
enchanting , enrapturing , entrancing represent the influence as not only supernatural , but irresistible and delightful .
that which is fascinating may win without delighting , drawing by some unseen power , as a serpent its prey ; we can speak of horrible fascination .
charming applies only to what is external to oneself ; delightful may apply to personal experiences or emotions as well ; we speak of a charming manner , a charming dress , but of delightful anticipations .
compare amiable ; beautiful .
* * * * *
chasten .
synonyms :
afflict , chastise , discipline , punish , refine , subdue , castigate , correct , humble , purify , soften , try .
castigate and chastise refer strictly to corporal punishment , tho both are somewhat archaic ; correct and punish are often used as euphemisms in preference to either .
punish is distinctly retributive in sense ; chastise , partly retributive , and partly corrective ; chasten , wholly corrective .
chasten is used exclusively in the spiritual sense , and chiefly of the visitation of god .
prepositions :
" we are chastened of the lord , " 1 cor .
xi , 32 ; " they . . .
chastened us after their own pleasure , but he for our profit , " heb .
xii , 10 ; " chasten in thy hot displeasure , " ps .
iv , 7 ; chasten with pain ; by trials and sorrows .
* * * * *
cherish .
synonyms :
cheer , encourage , harbor , nurse , shelter , cling to , entertain , hold dear , nurture , treasure , comfort , foster , nourish , protect , value .
to cherish is both to hold dear and to treat as dear .
mere unexpressed esteem would not be cherishing .
in the marriage vow , " to love , honor , and cherish , " the word cherish implies all that each can do by love and tenderness for the welfare and happiness of the other , as by support , protection , care in sickness ,
comfort in sorrow , sympathy , and help of every kind .
to nurse is to tend the helpless or feeble , as infants , or the sick or wounded .
to nourish is strictly to sustain and build up by food ; to nurture includes careful mental and spiritual training , with something of love and tenderness ; to foster is simply to maintain and care for , to bring up ; a foster - child will
be nourished , but may not be as tenderly nurtured or as lovingly cherished as if one's own .
in the figurative sense , the opinion one cherishes he holds , not with mere cold conviction , but with loving devotion .
antonyms :
see synonyms for abandon ; chasten .
* * * * *
choose .
synonyms :
cull , elect , pick , pick out , prefer , select .
prefer indicates a state of desire and approval ; choose , an act of will .
prudence or generosity may lead one to choose what he does not prefer .
select implies a careful consideration of the reasons for preference and choice .
among objects so nearly alike that we have no reason to prefer any one to another we may simply choose the nearest , but we could not be said to select it .
aside from theology , elect is popularly confined to the political sense ; as , a free people elect their own rulers .
cull , from the latin colligere , commonly means to collect , as well as to select .
in a garden we cull the choicest flowers .
antonyms :
cast away , decline , dismiss , refuse , repudiate , cast out , disclaim , leave , reject , throw aside .
prepositions :
choose from or from among the number ; choose out of the army ; choose between ( or betwixt ) two ; among many ; choose for the purpose .
* * * * *
circumlocution .
synonyms :
diffuseness , prolixity , surplusage , verbiage , periphrasis , redundance , tautology , verbosity , pleonasm , redundancy , tediousness , wordiness .
circumlocution and periphrasis are roundabout ways of expressing thought ; circumlocution is the more common , periphrasis the more technical word .
constant circumlocution produces an affected and heavy style ; occasionally , skilful periphrasis conduces both to beauty and to simplicity .
etymologically , diffuseness is a scattering , both of words and thought ; redundancy is an overflow .
prolixity goes into endless petty details , without selection or perspective .
pleonasm is the expression of an idea already plainly implied ; tautology is the restatement in other words of an idea already stated , or a useless repetition of a word or words .
pleonasm may add emphasis ; tautology is always a fault .
" i saw it with my eyes " is a pleonasm ; " all the members agreed unanimously " is tautology .
verbiage is the use of mere words without thought .
verbosity and wordiness denote an excess of words in proportion to the thought .
tediousness is the sure result of any of these faults of style .
antonyms :
brevity , compression , condensation , plainness , succinctness , compactness , conciseness , directness , shortness , terseness .
* * * * *
circumstance .
synonyms :
accompaniment , fact , item , point , concomitant , feature , occurrence , position , detail , incident , particular , situation .
event ,
a circumstance ( l .
circum , around , and sto , stand ) , is something existing or occurring in connection with or relation to some other fact or event , modifying or throwing light upon the principal matter without affecting its essential character ; an accompaniment is something that unites
with the principal matter , tho not necessary to it ; as , the piano accompaniment to a song ; a concomitant goes with a thing in natural connection , but in a subordinate capacity , or perhaps in contrast ; as , cheerfulness is a concomitant
of virtue .
a circumstance is not strictly , nor usually , an occasion , condition , effect , or result .
( see these words under cause . ) nor is the circumstance properly an incident .
( see under accident . ) we say , " my decision will depend upon circumstances " - - not " upon incidents . " that a man wore a blue necktie would not probably be the cause , occasion , condition , or concomitant of his
committing murder ; but it might be a very important circumstance in identifying him as the murderer .
all the circumstances make up the situation .
a certain disease is the cause of a man's death ; his suffering is an incident ; that he is in his own home , that he has good medical attendance , careful nursing , etc . , are consolatory circumstances .
with the same idea of subordination , we often say , " this is not a circumstance to that . " so a person is said to be in easy circumstances .
compare event .
prepositions :
" mere situation is expressed by ' in the circumstances ' ; action affected is performed ' under the circumstances . ' " [ m . ]
* * * * *
class .
synonyms :
association , circle , clique , company , grade , rank , caste , clan , club , coterie , order , set .
a class is a number or body of persons or objects having common pursuits , purposes , attributes , or characteristics .
a caste is hereditary ; a class may be independent of lineage or descent ; membership in a caste is supposed to be for life ; membership in a class may be very transient ; a religious and ceremonial sacredness attaches to the caste , as not
to the class .
the rich and the poor form separate classes ; yet individuals are constantly passing from each to the other ; the classes in a college remain the same , but their membership changes every year .
we speak of rank among hereditary nobility or military officers ; of various orders of the priesthood ; by accommodation , we may refer in a general way to the higher ranks , the lower orders of any society .
grade implies some regular scale of valuation , and some inherent qualities for which a person or thing is placed higher or lower in the scale ; as , the coarser and finer grades of wool ; a man of an inferior grade .
a coterie is a small company of persons of similar tastes , who meet frequently in an informal way , rather for social enjoyment than for any serious purpose .
clique has always an unfavorable meaning .
a clique is always fractional , implying some greater gathering of which it is a part ; the association breaks up into cliques .
persons unite in a coterie through simple liking for one another ; they withdraw into a clique largely through aversion to outsiders .
a set , while exclusive , is more extensive than a clique , and chiefly of persons who are united by common social station , etc .
circle is similar in meaning to set , but of wider application ; we speak of scientific and religious as well as of social circles .
prepositions :
a class of merchants ; the senior class at ( sometimes of ) harvard ; the classes in college .
* * * * *
cleanse .
synonyms :
brush , dust , purify , scour , sponge , wash , clean , lave , rinse , scrub , sweep , wipe .
disinfect , mop ,
to clean is to make clean by removing dirt , impurities , or soil of any kind .
cleanse implies a worse condition to start from , and more to do , than clean .
hercules cleansed the augean stables .
cleanse is especially applied to purifying processes where liquid is used , as in the flushing of a street , etc .
we brush clothing if dusty , sponge it , or sponge it off , if soiled ; or sponge off a spot .
furniture , books , etc . , are dusted ; floors are mopped or scrubbed ; metallic utensils are scoured ; a room is swept ; soiled garments are washed ; foul air or water is purified .
cleanse and purify are used extensively in a moral sense ; wash in that sense is archaic .
compare amend .
antonyms :
befoul , bespatter , debase , deprave , soil , stain , taint , besmear , contaminate , defile , pollute , spoil , sully , vitiate .
besmirch , corrupt ,
prepositions :
cleanse of or from physical or moral defilement ; cleanse with an instrument ; by an agent ; the room was cleansed by the attendants with soap and water .
* * * * *
clear .
synonyms :
apparent , intelligible , pellucid , transparent , diaphanous , limpid , perspicuous , unadorned , distinct , lucid , plain , unambiguous , evident , manifest , straightforward , unequivocal , explicit , obvious , translucent , unmistakable .
clear ( l .
clarus , bright , brilliant ) primarily refers to that which shines , and impresses the mind through the eye with a sense of luster or splendor .
a substance is said to be clear that offers no impediment to vision - - is not dim , dark , or obscure .
transparent refers to the medium through which a substance is seen , clear to the substance itself , without reference to anything to be seen through it ; we speak of a stream as clear when we think of the water itself ; we speak of it
as transparent with reference to the ease with which we see the pebbles at the bottom .
clear is also said of that which comes to the senses without dimness , dulness , obstruction , or obscurity , so that there is no uncertainty as to its exact form , character , or meaning , with something of the brightness or brilliancy implied in
the primary meaning of the word clear ; as , the outlines of the ship were clear against the sky ; a clear view ; a clear note ; " clear as a bell ; " a clear , frosty air ; a clear sky ; a
clear statement ; hence , the word is used for that which is free from any kind of obstruction ; as , a clear field .
lucid and pellucid refer to a shining clearness , as of crystal .
a transparent body allows the forms and colors of objects beyond to be seen through it ; a translucent body allows light to pass through , but may not permit forms and colors to be distinguished ; plate glass is transparent , ground glass is translucent .
limpid refers to a liquid clearness , or that which suggests it ; as , limpid streams .
that which is distinct is well defined , especially in outline , each part or object standing or seeming apart from any other , not confused , indefinite , or blurred ; distinct enunciation enables the hearer to catch every word or vocal sound without perplexity or
confusion ; a distinct statement is free from indefiniteness or ambiguity ; a distinct apprehension of a thought leaves the mind in no doubt or uncertainty regarding it .
that is plain , in the sense here considered , which is , as it were , level to the thought , so that one goes straight on without difficulty or hindrance ; as , plain language ; a plain statement ; a clear explanation .
perspicuous is often equivalent to plain , but plain never wholly loses the meaning of unadorned , so that we can say the style is perspicuous tho highly ornate , when we could not call it at once ornate and plain .
compare evident .
antonyms :
ambiguous , dim , foggy , mysterious , opaque , unintelligible , cloudy , dubious , indistinct , obscure , turbid , vague .
prepositions :
clear to the mind ; clear in argument ; clear of or from annoyances .
* * * * *
clever .
synonyms :
able , capable , happy , keen , sharp , adroit , dexterous , ingenious , knowing , skilful , apt , expert , intellectual , quick , smart , bright , gifted , intelligent , quick - witted , talented .
clever , as used in england , especially implies an aptitude for study or learning , and for excellent tho not preeminent mental achievement .
the early new england usage as implying simple and weak good nature has largely affected the use of the word throughout the united states , where it has never been much in favor .
smart , indicating dashing ability , is now coming to have a suggestion of unscrupulousness , similar to that of the word sharp , which makes its use a doubtful compliment .
the discriminating use of such words as able , gifted , talented , etc . , is greatly preferable to an excessive use of the word clever .
compare acumen ; astute ; power .
antonyms :
awkward , clumsy , foolish , ignorant , slow , thick - headed , bungling , dull , idiotic , senseless , stupid , witless .
* * * * *
collision .
synonyms :
clash , concussion , contact , impact , opposition , clashing , conflict , encounter , meeting , shock .
collision , the act or fact of striking violently together , is the result of motion or action , and is sudden and momentary ; contact may be a condition of rest , and be continuous and permanent ; collision is sudden and violent contact .
concussion is often by transmitted force rather than by direct impact ; two railway - trains come into collision ; an explosion of dynamite shatters neighboring windows by concussion .
impact is the blow given by the striking body ; as , the impact of the cannon - shot upon the target .
an encounter is always violent , and generally hostile .
meeting is neutral , and may be of the dearest friends or of the bitterest foes ; of objects , of persons , or of opinions ; of two or of a multitude .
shock is the result of collision .
in the figurative use , we speak of clashing of views , collision of persons .
opposition is used chiefly of persons , more rarely of opinions or interests ; conflict is used indifferently of all .
antonyms :
agreement , coincidence , concord , conformity , unison , amity , concert , concurrence , harmony , unity .
prepositions :
collision of one object with another ; of or between opposing objects .
* * * * *
comfortable .
synonyms :
agreeable , cheery , genial , snug , at ease , commodious , pleasant , well - off , at rest , contented , satisfactory , well - provided , cheerful , convenient , satisfied , well - to - do .
a person is comfortable in mind when contented and measurably satisfied .
a little additional brightness makes him cheerful .
he is comfortable in body when free from pain , quiet , at ease , at rest .
he is comfortable in circumstances , or in comfortable circumstances , when things about him are generally agreeable and satisfactory , usually with the suggestion of sufficient means to secure that result .
antonyms :
cheerless , discontented , distressed , forlorn , uncomfortable , disagreeable , dissatisfied , dreary , miserable , wretched .
* * * * *
commit .
synonyms :
assign , confide , consign , entrust , relegate , trust .
commit , in the sense here considered , is to give in charge , put into care or keeping ; to confide or entrust is to commit especially to one's fidelity , confide being used chiefly of mental or spiritual , entrust also of material things ;
we assign a duty , confide a secret , entrust a treasure ; we commit thoughts to writing ; commit a paper to the flames , a body to the earth ; a prisoner is committed to jail .
consign is a formal word in mercantile use ; as , to consign goods to an agent .
religiously , we consign the body to the grave , commit the soul to god .
compare do .
prepositions :
commit to a friend for safe - keeping ; in law , commit to prison ; for trial ; without bail ; in default of bail ; on suspicion .
* * * * *
company .
synonyms :
assemblage , concourse , convocation , host , assembly , conference , crowd , meeting , collection , congregation , gathering , multitude , conclave , convention , group , throng .
company , from the latin cum , with , and panis , bread , denotes primarily the association of those who eat at a common table , or the persons so associated , table - companions , messmates , friends , and hence is widely extended to
include any association of those united permanently or temporarily , for business , pleasure , festivity , travel , etc . , or by sorrow , misfortune , or wrong ; company may denote an indefinite number ( ordinarily more than two ) , but less than
a multitude ; in the military sense a company is a limited and definite number of men ; company implies more unity of feeling and purpose than crowd , and is a less formal and more familiar word than assemblage or assembly .
an assemblage may be of persons or of objects ; an assembly is always of persons .
an assemblage is promiscuous and unorganized ; an assembly is organized and united in some common purpose .
a conclave is a secret assembly .
a convocation is an assembly called by authority for a special purpose ; the term convention suggests less dependence upon any superior authority or summons .
a group is small in number and distinct in outline , clearly marked off from all else in space or time .
collection , crowd , gathering , group , and multitude have the unorganized and promiscuous character of the assemblage ; the other terms come under the general idea of assembly .
congregation is now almost exclusively religious ; meeting is often so used , but is less restricted , as we may speak of a meeting of armed men .
gathering refers to a coming together , commonly of numbers , from far and near ; as , the gathering of the scottish clans .
antonyms :
dispersion , loneliness , privacy , retirement , seclusion , solitude .
* * * * *
compel .
synonyms :
coerce , drive , make , oblige .
constrain , force , necessitate ,
to compel one to an act is to secure its performance by the use of irresistible physical or moral force .
force implies primarily an actual physical process , absolutely subduing all resistance .
coerce implies the actual or potential use of so much force as may be necessary to secure the surrender of the will ; the american secessionists contended that the federal government had no right to coerce a state .
constrain implies the yielding of judgment and will , and in some cases of inclination or affection , to an overmastering power ; as , " the love of christ constraineth us , " 2 cor .
v , 14 .
compare drive ; influence .
antonyms :
see synonyms for hinder .
prepositions :
the soldiers were compelled to desertion : preferably with the infinitive , compelled to desert .
* * * * *
complain .
synonyms :
croak , growl , grunt , remonstrate , find fault , grumble , murmur , repine .
to complain is to give utterance to dissatisfaction or objection , express a sense of wrong or ill treatment .
one complains of a real or assumed grievance ; he may murmur through mere peevishness or ill temper ; he repines , with vain distress , at the irrevocable or the inevitable .
complaining is by speech or writing ; murmuring is commonly said of half - repressed utterance ; repining of the mental act alone .
one may complain of an offense to the offender or to others ; he remonstrates with the offender only .
complain has a formal and legal meaning , which the other words have not , signifying to make a formal accusation , present a specific charge ; the same is true of the noun complaint .
antonyms :
applaud , approve , commend , eulogize , laud , praise .
prepositions :
complain of a thing to a person ; of one person to another , of or against a person for an act ; to an officer ; before the court ; about a thing .
* * * * *
complex .
synonyms :
abstruse , confused , intricate , mixed , complicated , conglomerate , involved , multiform , composite , entangled , manifold , obscure , compound , heterogeneous , mingled , tangled .
that is complex which is made up of several connected parts .
that is compound in which the parts are not merely connected , but fused , or otherwise combined into a single substance .
in a composite object the different parts have less of unity than in that which is complex or compound , but maintain their distinct individuality .
in a heterogeneous body unlike parts or particles are intermingled , often without apparent order or plan .
conglomerate ( literally , globed together ) is said of a confused mingling of masses or lumps of various substances .
the new england pudding - stone is a conglomerate rock .
in a complex object the arrangement and relation of parts may be perfectly clear ; in a complicated mechanism the parts are so numerous , or so combined , that the mind can not readily grasp their mutual relations ; in an intricate arrangement the parts are
so intertwined that it is difficult to follow their windings ; things are involved which are rolled together so as not to be easily separated , either in thought or in fact ; things which are tangled or entangled mutually hold and draw upon each other .
the conception of a material object is usually complex , involving form , color , size , and other elements ; a clock is a complicated mechanism ; the gordian knot was intricate ; the twining serpents of the laocoon are involved .
we speak of an abstruse statement , a complex conception , a confused heap , a heterogeneous mass , a tangled skein , an intricate problem ; of composite architecture , an involved sentence ; of the complicated or intricate accounts of a great business , the
entangled accounts of an incompetent or dishonest bookkeeper .
antonyms :
clear , homogeneous , plain , uncombined , uniform , direct , obvious , simple , uncompounded , unraveled .
* * * * *
condemn .
synonyms :
blame , convict , doom , reprove , censure , denounce , reprobate , sentence .
to condemn is to pass judicial sentence or render judgment or decision against .
we may censure silently ; we condemn ordinarily by open and formal utterance .
condemn is more final than blame or censure ; a condemned criminal has had his trial ; a condemned building can not stand ; a condemned ship can not sail .
a person is convicted when his guilt is made clearly manifest to others ; in somewhat archaic use , a person is said to be convicted when guilt is brought clearly home to his own conscience ( convict in this sense being allied with convince , which
see under persuade ) ; in legal usage one is said to be convicted only by the verdict of a jury .
in stating the penalty of an offense , the legal word sentence is now more common than condemn ; as , he was sentenced to imprisonment ; but it is good usage to say , he was condemned to imprisonment .
to denounce is to make public or official declaration against , especially in a violent and threatening manner .
from the pulpits in the northern states burr was denounced as an assassin .
coffin building the nation ch .
10 , p .
137 .
[ h .
' 83 . ]
to doom is to condemn solemnly and consign to evil or destruction or to predetermine to an evil destiny ; an inferior race in presence of a superior is doomed to subjugation or extinction .
compare arraign ; reprove .
antonyms :
absolve , applaud , exonerate , pardon , acquit , approve , justify , praise .
prepositions :
the bandit was condemned to death for his crime .
* * * * *
confess .
synonyms :
accept , allow , concede , grant , acknowledge , avow , disclose , own , admit , certify , endorse , recognize .
we accept another's statement ; admit any point made against us ; acknowledge what we have said or done , good or bad ; avow our individual beliefs or feelings ; certify to facts within our knowledge ; confess our own faults ; endorse a friend's note
or statement ; grant a request ; own our faults or obligations ; recognize lawful authority ; concede a claim .
confess has a high and sacred use in the religious sense ; as , to confess christ before men .
it may have also a playful sense ( often with to ) ; as , one confesses to a weakness for confectionery .
the chief present use of the word , however , is in the sense of making known to others one's own wrong - doing ; in this sense confess is stronger than acknowledge or admit , and more specific than own ; a person admits a mistake
; acknowledges a fault ; confesses sin or crime .
compare apology ; avow .
antonyms :
cloak , deny , disown , hide , screen , conceal , disavow , dissemble , mask , secrete , cover , disguise , dissimulate , repudiate , veil .
* * * * *
confirm .
synonyms :
assure , fix , sanction , substantiate , corroborate , prove , settle , sustain , establish , ratify , strengthen , uphold .
confirm ( l .
con , together , and firmus , firm ) is to add firmness or give stability to .
both confirm and corroborate presuppose something already existing to which the confirmation or corroboration is added .
testimony is corroborated by concurrent testimony or by circumstances ; confirmed by established facts .
that which is thoroughly proved is said to be established ; so is that which is official and has adequate power behind it ; as , the established government ; the established church .
the continents are fixed .
a treaty is ratified ; an appointment confirmed .
an act is sanctioned by any person or authority that passes upon it approvingly .
a statement is substantiated ; a report confirmed ; a controversy settled ; the decision of a lower court sustained by a higher .
just government should be upheld .
the beneficent results of christianity confirm our faith in it as a divine revelation .
antonyms :
abrogate , cancel , overthrow , shatter , upset , annul , destroy , shake , unsettle , weaken .
prepositions :
confirm a statement by testimony ; confirm a person in a belief .
* * * * *
congratulate .
synonym :
felicitate .
to felicitate is to pronounce one happy or wish one joy ; to congratulate is to express hearty sympathy in his joys or hopes .
felicitate is cold and formal .
we say one felicitates himself ; tho to congratulate oneself , which is less natural , is becoming prevalent .
antonyms :
condole with , console .
prepositions :
congratulate one on or upon his success .
* * * * *
conquer .
synonyms :
beat , humble , overthrow , subject , checkmate , master , prevail over , subjugate , crush , overcome , put down , surmount , defeat , overmaster , reduce , vanquish , discomfit , overmatch , rout , win , down , overpower , subdue
, worst .
to defeat an enemy is to gain an advantage for the time ; to vanquish is to win a signal victory ; to conquer is to overcome so effectually that the victory is regarded as final .
conquer , in many cases , carries the idea of possession ; as , to conquer respect , affection , peace , etc .
a country is conquered when its armies are defeated and its territory is occupied by the enemy ; it may be subjected to indemnity or to various disabilities ; it is subjugated when it is held helplessly and continuously under military control ; it is subdued when
all resistance has died out .
an army is defeated when forcibly driven back ; it is routed when it is converted into a mob of fugitives .
compare beat .
antonyms :
capitulate , fail , fly , lose , retire , submit , surrender , cede , fall , forfeit , resign , retreat , succumb , yield .
* * * * *
conscious .
synonyms :
advised , assured , certain , cognizant , sensible , apprised , aware , certified , informed , sure .
one is aware of that which exists without him ; he is conscious of the inner workings of his own mind .
sensible may be used in the exact sense of conscious , or it may partake of both the senses mentioned above .
one may be sensible of his own or another's error ; he is conscious only of his own .
a person may feel assured or sure of something false or non - existent ; what he is aware of , still more what he is conscious of , must be fact .
sensible has often a reference to the emotions where conscious might apply only to the intellect ; to say a culprit is sensible of his degradation is more forcible than to say he is conscious of it .
antonyms :
cold , dead , deaf , ignorant , insensible , unaware , unconscious .
preposition :
on the stormy sea , man is conscious of the limitation of human power .
* * * * *
consequence .
synonyms :
consequent , end , issue , outgrowth , sequel , effect , event , outcome , result , upshot .
effect is the strongest of these words ; it is that which is directly produced by the action of an efficient cause ; we say , " every effect must have an adequate cause " ( compare cause ) .
in regard to human actions , effect commonly relates to intention ; as , the shot took effect , i .
e . , the effect intended .
a consequence is that which follows an act naturally , but less directly than the effect .
the motion of the piston is the effect , and the agitation of the water under the paddle - wheels a consequence of the expansion of steam in the cylinder .
the result is , literally , the rebound of an act , depending on many elements ; the issue is that which flows forth directly ; we say the issue of a battle , the result of a campaign .
a consequent commonly is that which follows simply in order of time , or by logical inference .
the end is the actual outcome without determination of its relation to what has gone before ; it is ordinarily viewed as either the necessary , natural , or logical outcome , any effect , consequence , or result being termed an end ; as , the
end of such a course must be ruin .
the event ( l .
e , out , and venio , come ) is primarily exactly the same in meaning as outcome ; but in use it is more nearly equivalent to upshot signifying the sum and substance of all effects , consequences , and results of a course of action
.
compare accident ; cause ; circumstance ; end ; event .
* * * * *
console .
synonyms :
comfort , condole with , encourage , sympathize with .
one condoles with another by the expression of kindly sympathy in his trouble ; he consoles him by considerations adapted to soothe and sustain the spirit , as by the assurances and promises of the gospel ; he encourages him by the hope of some relief or
deliverance ; he comforts him by whatever act or word tends to bring mind or body to a state of rest and cheer .
we sympathize with others , not only in sorrow , but in joy .
compare alleviate ; pity .
antonyms :
annoy , distress , disturb , grieve , hurt , sadden , trouble , wound .
* * * * *
contagion .
synonym :
infection .
infection is frequently confused with contagion , even by medical men .
the best usage now limits contagion to diseases that are transmitted by contact with the diseased person , either directly by touch or indirectly by use of the same articles , by breath , effluvia , etc .
infection is applied to diseases produced by no known or definable influence of one person upon another , but where common climatic , malarious , or other wide - spread conditions are believed to be chiefly instrumental .
* * * * *
continual .
synonyms :
ceaseless , incessant , regular , uninterrupted , constant , invariable , unbroken , unremitting , continuous , perpetual , unceasing , unvarying .
continuous describes that which is absolutely without pause or break ; continual , that which often intermits , but as regularly begins again .
a continuous beach is exposed to the continual beating of the waves .
a similar distinction is made between incessant and ceaseless .
the incessant discharge of firearms makes the ceaseless roar of battle .
constant is sometimes used in the sense of continual ; but its chief uses are mental and moral .
* * * * *
contract .
synonyms :
agreement , cartel , engagement , pledge , arrangement , compact , obligation , promise , bargain , covenant , pact , stipulation .
all these words involve at least two parties , tho an engagement or promise may be the act of but one .
a contract is a formal agreement between two or more parties for the doing or leaving undone some specified act or acts , and is ordinarily in writing .
mutual promises may have the force of a contract .
a consideration , or compensation , is essential to convert an agreement into a contract .
a contract may be oral or written .
a covenant in law is a written contract under seal .
covenant is frequent in religious usage , as contract is in law and business .
compact is essentially the same as contract , but is applied to international agreements , treaties , etc .
a bargain is a mutual agreement for an exchange of values , without the formality of a contract .
a stipulation is a single item in an agreement or contract .
a cartel is a military agreement for the exchange of prisoners or the like .
* * * * *
contrast .
synonyms :
compare , differentiate , discriminate , oppose .
to compare ( l .
con , together , and par , equal ) is to place together in order to show likeness or unlikeness ; to contrast ( l .
contra , against , and sto , stand ) is to set in opposition in order to show unlikeness .
we contrast objects that have been already compared .
we must compare them , at least momentarily , even to know that they are different .
we contrast them when we observe their unlikeness in a general way ; we differentiate them when we note the difference exactly and point by point .
we distinguish objects when we note a difference that may fall short of contrast ; we discriminate them when we classify or place them according to their differences .
preposition :
we contrast one object with another .
* * * * *
conversation .
synonyms :
chat , communion , converse , intercourse , colloquy , confabulation , dialogue , parley , communication , conference , discourse , talk .
conversation ( latin con , with ) is , etymologically , an interchange of ideas with some other person or persons .
talk may be wholly one - sided .
many brilliant talkers have been incapable of conversation .
there may be intercourse without conversation , as by looks , signs , etc . ; communion is of hearts , with or without words ; communication is often by writing , and may be uninvited and unreciprocated .
talk may denote the mere utterance of words with little thought ; thus , we say idle talk , empty talk , rather than idle or empty conversation .
discourse is now applied chiefly to public addresses .
a conference is more formal than a conversation .
dialog denotes ordinarily an artificial or imaginary conversation , generally of two persons , but sometimes of more .
a colloquy is indefinite as to number , and generally somewhat informal .
compare behavior .
prepositions :
conversation with friends ; between or among the guests ; about a matter .
* * * * *
convert .
synonyms :
disciple , neophyte , proselyte .
the name disciple is given to the follower of a certain faith , without reference to any previous belief or allegiance ; a convert is a person who has come to one faith from a different belief or from unbelief .
a proselyte is one who has been led to accept a religious system , whether with or without true faith ; a convert is always understood to be a believer .
a neophyte is a new convert , not yet fully indoctrinated , or not admitted to full privileges .
the antonyms apostate , pervert , and renegade are condemnatory names applied to the convert by those whose faith he forsakes .
* * * * *
convey .
synonyms :
carry , give , remove , shift , transmit , change , move , sell , transfer , transport .
convey , transmit , and transport all imply delivery at a destination ; as , i will convey the information to your friend ; air conveys sound ( to a listener ) ; carry does not necessarily imply delivery , and often does not admit of it
.
a man carries an appearance , conveys an impression , the appearance remaining his own , the impression being given to another ; i will transmit the letter ; transport the goods .
a horse carries his mane and tail , but does not convey them .
transfer may or may not imply delivery to another person ; as , items may be transferred from one account to another or a word transferred to the following line .
in law , real estate , which can not be moved , is conveyed by simply transferring title and possession .
transport usually refers to material , transfer , transmit , and convey may refer to immaterial objects ; we transfer possession , transmit intelligence , convey ideas , but do not transport them .
in the case of convey the figurative sense now predominates .
compare carry .
antonyms :
cling to , hold , keep , possess , preserve , retain .
prepositions :
convey to a friend , a purchaser , etc . ; convey from the house to the station ; convey by express , by hand , etc .
* * * * *
convoke .
synonyms :
assemble , call together , convene , muster , call , collect , gather , summon .
a convention is called by some officer or officers , as by its president , its executive committee , or some eminent leaders ; the delegates are assembled or convened in a certain place , at a certain hour .
convoke implies an organized body and a superior authority ; assemble and convene express more independent action ; parliament is convoked ; congress assembles .
troops are mustered ; witnesses and jurymen are summoned .
antonyms :
adjourn , disband , dismiss , dissolve , scatter , break up , discharge , disperse , prorogue , separate .
* * * * *
criminal .
synonyms :
abominable , flagitious , immoral , sinful , vile , culpable , guilty , iniquitous , unlawful , wicked , felonious , illegal , nefarious , vicious , wrong .
every criminal act is illegal or unlawful , but illegal or unlawful acts may not be criminal .
offenses against public law are criminal ; offenses against private rights are merely illegal or unlawful .
as a general rule , all acts punishable by fine or imprisonment or both , are criminal in view of the law .
it is illegal for a man to trespass on another's land , but it is not criminal ; the trespasser is liable to a civil suit for damages , but not to indictment , fine , or imprisonment .
a felonious act is a criminal act of an aggravated kind , which is punishable by imprisonment in the penitentiary or by death .
a flagitious crime is one that brings public odium .
vicious refers to the indulgence of evil appetites , habits , or passions ; vicious acts are not necessarily criminal , or even illegal ; we speak of a vicious horse .
that which is iniquitous , i .
e . , contrary to equity , may sometimes be done under the forms of law .
ingratitude is sinful , hypocrisy is wicked , but neither is punishable by human law ; hence , neither is criminal or illegal .
compare sin .
antonyms :
innocent , lawful , meritorious , right , just , legal , moral , virtuous .
* * * * *
daily .
synonym :
diurnal .
daily is the saxon and popular , diurnal the latin and scientific term .
in strict usage , daily is the antonym of nightly as diurnal is of nocturnal .
daily is not , however , held strictly to this use ; a physician makes daily visits if he calls at some time within each period of twenty - four hours .
diurnal is more exact in all its uses ; a diurnal flower opens or blooms only in daylight ; a diurnal bird or animal flies or ranges only by day : in contradistinction to nocturnal flowers , birds , etc .
a diurnal motion exactly fills an astronomical day or the time of one rotation of a planet on its axis , while a daily motion is much less definite .
antonyms :
nightly , nocturnal .
* * * * *
danger .
synonyms :
hazard , insecurity , jeopardy , peril , risk .
danger is exposure to possible evil , which may be either near and probable or remote and doubtful ; peril is exposure to imminent and sharply threatening evil , especially to such as results from violence .
an invalid may be in danger of consumption ; a disarmed soldier is in peril of death .
jeopardy is nearly the same as peril , but involves , like risk , more of the element of chance or uncertainty ; a man tried upon a capital charge is said to be put in jeopardy of life .
insecurity is a feeble word , but exceedingly broad , applying to the placing of a dish , or the possibilities of a life , a fortune , or a government .
compare hazard .
antonyms :
defense , immunity , protection , safeguard , safety , security , shelter .
* * * * *
dark .
synonyms :
black , dusky , mysterious , sable , somber , dim , gloomy , obscure , shadowy , swart , dismal , murky , opaque , shady , swarthy .
strictly , that which is black is absolutely destitute of color ; that which is dark is absolutely destitute of light .
in common speech , however , a coat is black , tho not optically colorless ; the night is dark , tho the stars shine .
that is obscure , shadowy , or shady from which the light is more or less cut off .
dusky is applied to objects which appear as if viewed in fading light ; the word is often used , as are swart and swarthy , of the human skin when quite dark , or even verging toward black .
dim refers to imperfection of outline , from distance , darkness , mist , etc . , or from some defect of vision .
opaque objects , as smoked glass , are impervious to light .
murky is said of that which is at once dark , obscure , and gloomy ; as , a murky den ; a murky sky .
figuratively , dark is emblematic of sadness , agreeing with somber , dismal , gloomy , also of moral evil ; as , a dark deed .
of intellectual matters , dark is now rarely used in the old sense of a dark saying , etc .
see mysterious ; obscure .
antonyms :
bright , crystalline , glowing , lucid , shining , brilliant , dazzling , illumined , luminous , transparent , clear , gleaming , light , radiant , white .
compare synonyms for light .
* * * * *
decay .
synonyms :
corrupt , decompose , molder , putrefy , rot , spoil .
rot is a strong word , ordinarily esteemed coarse , but on occasion capable of approved emphatic use ; as , " the name of the wicked shall rot , " prov .
x , 7 ; decay and decompose are now common euphemisms .
a substance is decomposed when resolved into its original elements by any process ; it is decayed when resolved into its original elements by natural processes ; it decays gradually , but may be instantly decomposed , as water into oxygen and hydrogen ; to say that
a thing is decayed may denote only a partial result , but to say it is decomposed ordinarily implies that the change is complete or nearly so .
putrefy and the adjectives putrid and putrescent , and the nouns putridity and putrescence , are used almost exclusively of animal matter in a state of decomposition , the more general word decay being used of either animal or vegetable substances .
* * * * *
deception .
synonyms :
craft , dissimulation , finesse , lie , cunning , double - dealing , fraud , lying , deceit , duplicity , guile , prevarication , deceitfulness , fabrication , hypocrisy , trickery , delusion , falsehood , imposition , untruth .
deceit is the habit , deception the act ; guile applies to the disposition out of which deceit and deception grow , and also to their actual practise .
a lie , lying , or falsehood , is the uttering of what one knows to be false with intent to deceive .
the novel or drama is not a lie , because not meant to deceive ; the ancient teaching that the earth was flat was not a lie , because not then known to be false .
untruth is more than lack of accuracy , implying always lack of veracity ; but it is a somewhat milder and more dignified word than lie .
falsehood and lying are in utterance ; deceit and deception may be merely in act or implication .
deception may be innocent , and even unintentional , as in the case of an optical illusion ; deceit always involves injurious intent .
craft and cunning have not necessarily any moral quality ; they are common traits of animals , but stand rather low in the human scale .
duplicity is the habitual speaking or acting with intent to appear to mean what one does not .
dissimulation is rather a concealing of what is than a pretense of what is not .
finesse is simply an adroit and delicate management of a matter for one's own side , not necessarily involving deceit .
compare artifice ; fiction ; fraud ; hypocrisy .
antonyms :
candor , frankness , honesty , simplicity , truth , fair dealing , guilelessness , openness , sincerity , veracity .
* * * * *
defense .
synonyms :
apology , guard , rampart , shelter , bulwark , justification , resistance , shield , fortress , protection , safeguard , vindication .
the weak may speak or act in defense of the strong ; none but the powerful can assure others of protection .
a defense is ordinarily against actual attack ; protection is against possible as well as actual dangers .
we speak of defense against an assault , protection from the cold .
vindication is a triumphant defense of character and conduct against charges of error or wrong .
compare apology .
antonyms :
abandonment , betrayal , capitulation , desertion , flight , surrender .
prepositions :
defense against assault or assailants ; in law , defense to an action , from the testimony .
* * * * *
defile .
synonyms :
befoul , corrupt , pollute , spoil , sully , tarnish , contaminate , infect , soil , stain , taint , vitiate .
the hand may be defiled by a touch of pitch ; swine that have been wallowing in the mud are befouled .
contaminate and infect refer to something evil that deeply pervades and permeates , as the human body or mind .
pollute is used chiefly of liquids ; as , water polluted with sewage .
tainted meat is repulsive ; infected meat contains germs of disease .
a soiled garment may be cleansed by washing ; a spoiled garment is beyond cleansing or repair .
bright metal is tarnished by exposure ; a fair sheet is sullied by a dirty hand .
in figurative use , defile may be used merely in the ceremonial sense ; " they themselves went not into the judgment hall , lest they should be defiled , " john xviii , 28 ; contaminate refers to deep spiritual injury .
pollute has also a reference to sacrilege ; as , to pollute a sanctuary , an altar , or an ordinance .
the innocent are often contaminated by association with the wicked ; the vicious are more and more corrupted by their own excesses .
we speak of a vitiated taste or style ; fraud vitiates a title or a contract .
antonyms :
clean , cleanse , disinfect , hallow , purify , sanctify , wash .
prepositions :
the temple was defiled with blood ; defiled by sacrilegious deeds .
* * * * *
definition .
synonyms :
comment , description , exposition , rendering , commentary , explanation , interpretation , translation .
a definition is exact , an explanation general ; a definition is formal , a description pictorial .
a definition must include all that belongs to the object defined , and exclude all that does not ; a description may include only some general features ; an explanation may simply throw light upon some point of special difficulty .
an exposition undertakes to state more fully what is compactly given or only implied in the text ; as , an exposition of scripture .
interpretation is ordinarily from one language into another , or from the language of one period into that of another ; it may also be a statement giving the doubtful or hidden meaning of that which is recondite or perplexing ; as , the interpretation of a
dream , a riddle , or of some difficult passage .
definition , explanation , exposition , and interpretation are ordinarily blended in a commentary , which may also include description .
a comment is upon a single passage ; a commentary may be the same , but is usually understood to be a volume of comments .
* * * * *
delegate .
synonyms :
deputy , legate , proxy , representative , substitute .
these words agree in designating one who acts in the place of some other or others .
the legate is an ecclesiastical officer representing the pope .
in strict usage the deputy or delegate is more limited in functions and more closely bound by instructions than a representative .
a single officer may have a deputy ; many persons combine to choose a delegate or representative .
in the united states informal assemblies send delegates to nominating conventions with no legislative authority ; representatives are legally elected to congress and the various legislatures , with lawmaking power .
* * * * *
deliberate .
synonyms :
confer , consult , meditate , reflect , consider , debate , ponder , weigh .
an individual considers , meditates , ponders , reflects , by himself ; he weighs a matter in his own mind , and is sometimes said even to debate with himself .
consult and confer always imply two or more persons , as does debate , unless expressly limited as above .
confer suggests the interchange of counsel , advice , or information ; consult indicates almost exclusively the receiving of it .
a man confers with his associates about a new investment ; he consults his physician about his health ; he may confer with him on matters of general interest .
he consults a dictionary , but does not confer with it .
deliberate , which can be applied to a single individual , is also the word for a great number , while consult is ordinarily limited to a few ; a committee consults ; an assembly deliberates .
deliberating always carries the idea of slowness ; consulting is compatible with haste ; we can speak of a hasty consultation , not of a hasty deliberation .
debate implies opposing views ; deliberate , simply a gathering and balancing of all facts and reasons .
we consider or deliberate with a view to action , while meditation may be quite purposeless .
prepositions :
we deliberate on or upon , also about or concerning a matter : the first two are preferable .
* * * * *
delicious .
synonyms :
dainty , delightful , exquisite , luscious , savory .
that is delicious which affords a gratification at once vivid and delicate to the senses , especially to those of taste and smell ; as , delicious fruit ; a delicious odor ; luscious has a kindred but more fulsome meaning , inclining toward a cloying excess
of sweetness or richness .
savory is applied chiefly to cooked food made palatable by spices and condiments .
delightful may be applied to the higher gratifications of sense , as delightful music , but is chiefly used for that which is mental and spiritual .
delicious has a limited use in this way ; as , a delicious bit of poetry ; the word is sometimes used ironically for some pleasing absurdity ; as , this is delicious !
compare delightful .
antonyms :
acrid , loathsome , nauseous , repulsive , unpalatable , unsavory .
bitter ,
* * * * *
delightful .
synonyms :
acceptable , delicious , pleasant , refreshing , agreeable , grateful , pleasing , satisfying , congenial , gratifying , pleasurable , welcome .
agreeable refers to whatever gives a mild degree of pleasure ; as , an agreeable perfume .
acceptable indicates a thing to be worthy of acceptance ; as , an acceptable offering .
grateful is stronger than agreeable or gratifying , indicating whatever awakens a feeling akin to gratitude .
a pleasant face and pleasing manners arouse pleasurable sensations , and make the possessor an agreeable companion ; if possessed of intelligence , vivacity , and goodness , such a person's society will be delightful .
criminals may find each other's company congenial , but scarcely delightful .
satisfying denotes anything that is received with calm acquiescence , as substantial food , or established truth .
that is welcome which is received with joyful heartiness ; as , welcome tidings .
compare beautiful ; charming ; delicious .
antonyms :
depressing , hateful , miserable , painful , woful , disappointing , horrible , mournful , saddening , wretched .
distressing , melancholy ,
* * * * *
delusion .
synonyms :
error , fallacy , hallucination , illusion , phantasm .
a delusion is a mistaken conviction , an illusion a mistaken perception or inference .
an illusion may be wholly of the senses ; a delusion always involves some mental error .
in an optical illusion the observer sees either what does not exist , or what exists otherwise than as he sees it , as when in a mirage distant springs and trees appear close at hand .
we speak of the illusions of fancy or of hope , but of the delusions of the insane .
a hallucination is a false image or belief which has nothing , outside of the disordered mind , to suggest it ; as , the hallucinations of delirium tremens .
compare deception ; insanity .
antonyms :
actuality , certainty , fact , reality , truth , verity .
* * * * *
demolish .
synonyms :
destroy , overthrow , overturn , raze , ruin .
a building , monument , or other structure is demolished when reduced to a shapeless mass ; it is razed when leveled with the ground ; it is destroyed when its structural unity is gone , whether or not its component parts remain .
an edifice is destroyed by fire or earthquake ; it is demolished by bombardment ; it is ruined when , by violence or neglect , it has become unfit for human habitation .
compare abolish ; break .
antonyms :
build , construct , create , make , repair , restore .
* * * * *
demonstration .
synonyms :
certainty , consequence , evidence , inference , conclusion , deduction , induction , proof .
demonstration , in the strict and proper sense , is the highest form of proof , and gives the most absolute certainty , but can not be applied outside of pure mathematics or other strictly deductive reasoning ; there can be proof and certainty , however ,
in matters that do not admit of demonstration .
a conclusion is the absolute and necessary result of the admission of certain premises ; an inference is a probable conclusion toward which known facts , statements , or admissions point , but which they do not absolutely establish ; sound premises , together with their necessary
conclusion , constitute a demonstration .
evidence is that which tends to show a thing to be true ; in the widest sense , as including self - evidence or consciousness , it is the basis of all knowledge .
proof in the strict sense is complete , irresistible evidence ; as , there was much evidence against the accused , but not amounting to proof of guilt .
moral certainty is a conviction resting on such evidence as puts a matter beyond reasonable doubt , while not so irresistible as demonstration .
compare hypothesis ; induction .
* * * * *
design .
synonyms :
aim , final cause , object , proposal , device , intent , plan , purpose , end , intention , project , scheme .
design refers to the adaptation of means to an end , the correspondence and coordination of parts , or of separate acts , to produce a result ; intent and purpose overleap all particulars , and fasten on the end itself .
intention is simply the more familiar form of the legal and philosophical intent .
plan relates to details of form , structure , and action , in themselves ; design considers these same details all as a means to an end .
the plan of a campaign may be for a series of sharp attacks , with the design of thus surprising and overpowering the enemy .
a man comes to a fixed intention to kill his enemy ; he forms a plan to entrap him into his power , with the design of then compassing his death ; as the law can not read the heart , it can only infer the intent
from the evidences of design .
intent denotes a straining , stretching forth toward an object ; purpose simply the placing it before oneself ; hence , we speak of the purpose rather than the intent or intention of god .
we hold that the marks of design in nature prove it the work of a great designer .
intention contemplates the possibility of failure ; purpose looks to assured success ; intent or intention refers especially to the state of mind of the actor ; purpose to the result of the action .
compare aim ; cause ; idea ; model .
prepositions :
the design of defrauding ; the design of a building ; a design for a statue .
* * * * *
desire .
synonyms :
appetency , concupiscence , hankering , proclivity , appetite , coveting , inclination , propensity , aspiration , craving , longing , wish .
inclination is the mildest of these terms ; it is a quiet , or even a vague or unconscious , tendency .
even when we speak of a strong or decided inclination we do not express the intensity of desire .
desire has a wide range , from the highest objects to the lowest ; desire is for an object near at hand , or near in thought , and viewed as attainable ; a wish may be for what is remote or uncertain , or even for
what is recognized as impossible .
craving is stronger than hankering ; hankering may be the result of a fitful and capricious appetite ; craving may be the imperious and reasonable demand of the whole nature .
longing is a reaching out with deep and persistent demand for that which is viewed as now distant but at some time attainable ; as , the captive's longing for release .
coveting ordinarily denotes wrong desire for that which is another's .
compare appetite .
antonyms :
see synonyms for antipathy .
prepositions :
the desire of fame ; a desire for excellence .
* * * * *
despair .
synonyms :
desperation , despondency , discouragement , hopelessness .
discouragement is the result of so much repulse or failure as wears out courage .
discouragements too frequent and long continued may produce a settled hopelessness .
hopelessness is negative , and may result from simple apathy ; despondency and despair are more emphatic and decided .
despondency is an incapacity for the present exercise of hope ; despair is the utter abandonment of hope .
despondency relaxes energy and effort and is always attended with sadness or distress ; despair may produce a stony calmness , or it may lead to desperation .
desperation is energized despair , vigorous in action , reckless of consequences .
antonyms :
anticipation , confidence , encouragement , expectation , hopefulness , assurance , courage , expectancy , hope , trust .
cheer , elation ,
* * * * *
dexterity .
synonyms :
adroitness , aptitude , cleverness , expertness , readiness , skill .
adroitness ( f .
a , to , and droit , right ) and dexterity ( l .
dexter , right , right - hand ) might each be rendered " right - handedness ; " but adroitness carries more of the idea of eluding , parrying , or checking some hostile movement , or taking advantage of another in controversy ; dexterity conveys the
idea of doing , accomplishing something readily and well , without reference to any action of others .
we speak of adroitness in fencing , boxing , or debate ; of dexterity in horsemanship , in the use of tools , weapons , etc .
aptitude ( l .
aptus , fit , fitted ) is a natural readiness , which by practise may be developed into dexterity .
skill is more exact to line , rule , and method than dexterity .
dexterity can not be communicated , and , oftentimes can not even be explained by its possessor ; skill to a very great extent can be imparted ; " skilled workmen " in various trades are numbered by thousands .
compare address ; clever ; power ; skilful .
prepositions :
dexterity of hand , of movement , of management ; with the pen ; in action , in manipulating men ; at cards .
* * * * *
diction .
synonyms :
expression , phrase , style , vocabulary , language , phraseology , verbiage , wording .
an author's diction is strictly his choice and use of words , with no special reference to thought ; expression regards the words simply as the vehicle of the thought .
phrase and phraseology apply to words or combinations of words which are somewhat technical ; as , in legal phraseology ; in military phrase .
diction is general ; wording is limited ; we speak of the diction of an author or of a work , the wording of a proposition , of a resolution , etc .
verbiage never bears this sense ( see circumlocution . ) the language of a writer or speaker may be the national speech he employs ; as , the english or french language ; or the word may denote his use of that language ; as , the
author's language is well ( or ill ) chosen .
style includes diction , expression , rhetorical figures such as metaphor and simile , the effect of an author's prevailing tone of thought , of his personal traits - - in short , all that makes up the clothing of thought in words ; thus , we
speak of a figurative style , a frigid or an argumentative style , etc . , or of the style of macaulay , prescott , or others .
an author's vocabulary is the range of words which he brings into his use .
compare language .
* * * * *
die .
synonyms :
cease , decline , expire , perish , decease , depart , fade , wither .
die , to go out of life , become destitute of vital power and action , is figuratively applied to anything which has the appearance of life .
where the dying night - lamp flickers .
tennyson locksley hall st .
40 .
an echo , a strain of music , a tempest , a topic , an issue , dies .
expire ( literally , to breathe out ) is a softer word for die ; it is used figuratively of things that cease to exist by reaching a natural limit ; as , a lease expires ; the time has expired .
to perish ( literally , in latin , to go through , as in english we say , " the fire goes out " ) is oftenest used of death by privation or exposure ; as , " i perish with hunger , " luke xv ,
17 ; sometimes , of death by violence .
knowledge and fame , art and empires , may be said to perish ; the word denotes utter destruction and decay .
antonyms :
be born , come into being , flourish , rise again , begin , come to life , grow , rise from the dead , be immortal , exist , live , survive .
prepositions :
to die of fever ; by violence ; rarely , with the sword , famine , etc .
( ezek .
vii , 15 ) ; to die for one's country ; to die at sea ; in one's bed ; in agony ; die to the world .
* * * * *
difference .
synonyms :
contrariety , discrimination , distinction , inequality , contrast , disparity , divergence , unlikeness , disagreement , dissimilarity , diversity , variation , discrepancy , dissimilitude , inconsistency , variety .
difference is the state or quality of being unlike or the amount of such unlikeness .
a difference is in the things compared ; a discrimination is in our judgment of them ; a distinction is in our definition or description or mental image of them .
careful discrimination of real differences results in clear distinctions .
disparity is stronger than inequality , implying that one thing falls far below another ; as , the disparity of our achievements when compared with our ideals .
dissimilarity is between things sharply contrasted ; there may be a difference between those almost alike .
there is a discrepancy in accounts that fail to balance .
variety involves more than two objects ; so , in general , does diversity ; variation is a difference in the condition or action of the same object at different times .
disagreement is not merely the lack , but the opposite , of agreement ; it is a mild word for opposition and conflict ; difference is sometimes used in the same sense .
antonyms :
agreement , harmony , likeness , sameness , uniformity , consonance , identity , resemblance , similarity , unity .
prepositions :
difference between the old and the new ; differences among men ; a difference in character ; of action ; of style ; ( less frequently ) a difference ( controversy ) with a person ; a difference of one thing from ( incorrectly to ) another
.
* * * * *
difficult .
synonyms :
arduous , hard , onerous , toilsome , exhausting , laborious , severe , trying .
arduous ( l .
arduus , steep ) signifies primarily so steep and lofty as to be difficult of ascent , and hence applies to that which involves great and sustained exertion and ordinarily for a lofty aim ; great learning can only be won by arduous toil .
hard applies to anything that resists our endeavors as a scarcely penetrable mass resists our physical force .
anything is hard that involves tax and strain whether of the physical or mental powers .
difficult is not used of that which merely taxes physical force ; a dead lift is called hard rather than difficult ; breaking stone on the road would be called hard rather than difficult work ; that is difficult which involves skill , sagacity , or address
, with or without a considerable expenditure of physical force ; a geometrical problem may be difficult to solve , a tangled skein to unravel ; a mountain difficult to ascend .
hard may be active or passive ; a thing may be hard to do or hard to bear .
arduous is always active .
that which is laborious or toilsome simply requires the steady application of labor or toil till accomplished ; toilsome is the stronger word .
that which is onerous ( l .
onus , a burden ) is mentally burdensome or oppressive .
responsibility may be onerous even when it involves no special exertion .
antonyms :
easy , facile , light , pleasant , slight , trifling , trivial .
* * * * *
direction .
synonyms :
aim , bearing , course , inclination , tendency , way .
the direction of an object is the line of motion or of vision toward it , or the line in which the object is moving , considered from our own actual or mental standpoint .
way , literally the road or path , comes naturally to mean the direction of the road or path ; conversationally , way is almost a perfect synonym of direction ; as , which way did he go ?
or , in which direction ?
bearing is the direction in which an object is seen with reference to another , and especially with reference to the points of the compass .
course is the direction of a moving object ; inclination , that toward which a stationary object leans ; tendency , the direction toward which anything stretches or reaches out ; tendency is stronger and more active than inclination .
compare aim ; care ; order ; oversight .
* * * * *
discern .
synonyms :
behold , discriminate , observe , recognize , descry , distinguish , perceive , see .
what we discern we see apart from all other objects ; what we discriminate we judge apart ; what we distinguish we mark apart , or recognize by some special mark or manifest difference .
we discriminate by real differences ; we distinguish by outward signs ; an officer is readily distinguished from a common soldier by his uniform .
objects may be dimly discerned at twilight , when yet we can not clearly distinguish one from another .
we descry ( originally espy ) what is difficult to discover .
compare discover ; look .
* * * * *
discover .
synonyms :
ascertain , detect , disclose , ferret out , find out , descry , discern , expose , find , invent .
of human actions or character , detect is used , almost without exception , in a bad sense ; discover may be used in either the good or the bad sense , oftener in the good ; he was detected in a fraud ; real merit is
sure to be discovered .
in scientific language , detect is used of delicate indications that appear in course of careful watching ; as , a slight fluttering of the pulse could be detected .
we discover what has existed but has not been known to us ; we invent combinations or arrangements not before in use ; columbus discovered america ; morse invented the electric telegraph .
find is the most general word for every means of coming to know what was not before certainly known .
a man finds in the road some stranger's purse , or finds his own which he is searching for .
the expert discovers or detects an error in an account ; the auditor finds the account to be correct .
compare discern .
antonyms :
see synonyms for hide .
* * * * *
disease .
synonyms :
affection , disorder , indisposition , sickness , ailment , distemper , infirmity , unhealthiness , complaint , illness , malady , unsoundness .
disease is the general term for any deviation from health ; in a more limited sense it denotes some definite morbid condition ; disorder and affection are rather partial and limited ; as , a nervous affection ; a disorder of the digestive system .
sickness was generally used in english speech and literature , till the close of the eighteenth century at least , for every form of physical disorder , as abundantly appears in the english bible : " jesus went about . . .
healing all manner of sickness and all manner of disease among the people , " matt .
iv , 23 ; " elisha was fallen sick of his sickness whereof he died , " 2 kings xiii , 14 .
there is now , in england , a tendency to restrict the words sick and sickness to nausea , or " sickness at the stomach , " and to hold ill and illness as the only proper words to use in a general sense .
this distinction has received but a very limited acceptance in the united states , where sick and sickness have the earlier and wider usage .
we speak of trifling ailments , a slight indisposition , a serious or a deadly disease ; a slight or severe illness ; a painful sickness .
complaint is a popular term , which may be applied to any degree of ill health , slight or severe .
infirmity denotes a chronic or lingering weakness or disability , as blindness or lameness .
antonyms :
health , robustness , soundness , strength , sturdiness , vigor .
* * * * *
disparage .
synonyms :
belittle , depreciate , discredit , underestimate , carp at , derogate from , dishonor , underrate , decry , detract from , lower , undervalue .
to decry is to cry down , in some noisy , public , or conspicuous manner .
a witness or a statement is discredited ; the currency is depreciated ; a good name is dishonored by unworthy conduct ; we underestimate in our own minds ; we may underrate or undervalue in statement to others .
these words are used , with few exceptions , of things such as qualities , merits , attainments , etc .
to disparage is to belittle by damaging comparison or suggestion ; it is used only of things .
a man's achievements are disparaged , his motives depreciated , his professions discredited ; he himself is calumniated , slandered , etc .
compare slander .
antonyms :
see synonyms for praise .
* * * * *
displace .
synonyms :
confuse , derange , disturb , mislay , remove , crowd out , disarrange , jumble , misplace , unsettle .
objects are displaced when moved out of the place they have occupied ; they are misplaced when put into a place where they should not be .
one may know where to find what he has misplaced ; what he has mislaid he can not locate .
antonyms :
adjust , assort , dispose , order , put in order , set in order , array , classify , group , place , put in place , sort .
* * * * *
do .
synonyms :
accomplish , carry out , discharge , perform , achieve , carry through , effect , perpetrate , actualize , commit , execute , realize , bring about , complete , finish , transact , bring to pass , consummate , fulfil , work out .
do is the one comprehensive word which includes this whole class .
we may say of the least item of daily work , " it is done , " and of the grandest human achievement , " well done ! " finish and complete signify to bring to an end what was previously begun ; there is frequently the
difference in usage that finish is applied to the fine details and is superficial , while complete is comprehensive , being applied to the whole ideal , plan , and execution ; as , to finish a statue ; to complete a scheme of philosophy .
to discharge is to do what is given in charge , expected , or required ; as , to discharge the duties of the office .
to fulfil is to do or to be what has been promised , expected , hoped , or desired ; as , a son fulfils a father's hopes .
realize , effect , execute , and consummate all signify to embody in fact what was before in thought .
one may realize that which he has done nothing to bring about ; he may realize the dreams of youth by inheriting a fortune ; but he can not effect his early designs except by doing the utmost that is necessary to make them fact .
effect includes all that is done to accomplish the intent ; execute refers rather to the final steps ; consummate is limited quite sharply to the concluding act .
an officer executes the law when he proceeds against its violators ; a purchase is consummated when the money is paid and the property delivered .
execute refers more commonly to the commands of another , effect and consummate to one's own designs ; as , the commander effected the capture of the fort , because his officers and men promptly executed his commands .
achieve - - to do something worthy of a chief - - signifies always to perform some great and generally some worthy exploit .
perform and accomplish both imply working toward the end ; but perform always allows a possibility of not attaining , while accomplish carries the thought of full completion .
in longfellow's lines , " patience ; accomplish thy labor , " etc . , perform could not be substituted without great loss .
as between complete and accomplish , complete considers rather the thing as done ; accomplish , the whole process of doing it .
commit , as applied to actions , is used only of those that are bad , whether grave or trivial ; perpetrate is used chiefly of aggravated crimes or , somewhat humorously , of blunders .
a man may commit a sin , a trespass , or a murder ; perpetrate an outrage or a felony .
we finish a garment or a letter , complete an edifice or a life - work , consummate a bargain or a crime , discharge a duty , effect a purpose , execute a command , fulfil a promise , perform our daily tasks , realize an
ideal , accomplish a design , achieve a victory .
compare transact ; transaction .
antonyms :
baffle , defeat , fail , mar , miss , ruin , come short , destroy , frustrate , miscarry , neglect , spoil .
* * * * *
docile .
synonyms :
amenable , manageable , pliant , teachable , compliant , obedient , submissive , tractable , gentle , pliable , tame , yielding .
one who is docile is easily taught ; one who is tractable is easily led ; one who is pliant is easily bent in any direction ; compliant represents one as inclined or persuaded to agreement with another's will .
compare duty .
antonyms :
determined , inflexible , opinionated , self - willed , wilful , dogged , intractable , resolute , stubborn , unyielding .
firm , obstinate ,
* * * * *
doctrine .
synonyms :
article of belief , belief , precept , teaching , article of faith , dogma , principle , tenet .
doctrine primarily signifies that which is taught ; principle , the fundamental basis on which the teaching rests .
a doctrine is reasoned out , and may be defended by reasoning ; a dogma rests on authority , as of direct revelation , the decision of the church , etc .
a doctrine or dogma is a statement of some one item of belief ; a creed is a summary of doctrines or dogmas .
dogma has commonly , at the present day , an offensive signification , as of a belief arrogantly asserted .
tenet is simply that which is held , and is applied to a single item of belief ; it is a neutral word , neither approving nor condemning ; we speak of the doctrines of our own church ; of the tenets of others .
a precept relates not to belief , but to conduct .
compare faith ; law .
* * * * *
dogmatic .
synonyms :
arrogant , doctrinal , magisterial , positive , authoritative , domineering , opinionated , self - opinionated , dictatorial , imperious , overbearing , systematic .
dogmatic is technically applied in a good sense to that which is formally enunciated by adequate authority ; doctrinal to that which is stated in the form of doctrine to be taught or defended .
dogmatic theology , called also " dogmatics , " gives definite propositions , which it holds to be delivered by authority ; systematic theology considers the same propositions in their logical connection and order as parts of a system ; a doctrinal statement is less absolute in
its claims than a dogmatic treatise , and may be more partial than the term systematic would imply .
outside of theology , dogmatic has generally an offensive sense ; a dogmatic statement is one for which the author does not trouble himself to give a reason , either because of the strength of his convictions , or because of his contempt for those whom he
addresses ; thus dogmatic is , in common use , allied with arrogant and kindred words .
* * * * *
doubt , v .
synonyms :
distrust , mistrust , surmise , suspect .
to doubt is to lack conviction .
incompleteness of evidence may compel one to doubt , or some perverse bias of mind may incline him to .
distrust may express simply a lack of confidence ; as , i distrust my own judgment ; or it may be nearly equivalent to suspect ; as , i distrusted that man from the start .
mistrust and suspect imply that one is almost assured of positive evil ; one may distrust himself or others ; he suspects others .
mistrust is now rarely , if ever , used of persons , but only of motives , intentions , etc .
distrust is always serious ; mistrust is often used playfully .
compare suppose .
compare synonyms for doubt , n .
antonyms :
believe , depend on , depend upon , rely on , rely upon , trust .
confide in ,
* * * * *
doubt , n .
synonyms :
disbelief , incredulity , perplexity , suspense , distrust , indecision , question , suspicion , hesitancy , irresolution , scruple , unbelief , hesitation , misgiving , skepticism , uncertainty .
doubt is a lack of conviction that may refer either to matters of belief or to matters of practise .
as regards belief , while doubt is lack of conviction , disbelief is conviction , to the contrary ; unbelief refers to a settled state of mind , generally accompanied with opposition of heart .
perplexity is active and painful ; doubt may be quiescent .
perplexity presses toward a solution ; doubt may be content to linger unresolved .
any improbable statement awakens incredulity .
in theological usage unbelief and skepticism have a condemnatory force , as implying wilful rejection of manifest truth .
as regards practical matters , uncertainty applies to the unknown or undecided ; doubt implies some negative evidence .
suspense regards the future , and is eager and anxious ; uncertainty may relate to any period , and be quite indifferent .
misgiving is ordinarily in regard to the outcome of something already done or decided ; hesitation , indecision , and irresolution have reference to something that remains to be decided or done , and are due oftener to infirmity of will than to lack of knowledge .
distrust and suspicion apply especially to the motives , character , etc . , of others , and are more decidedly adverse than doubt .
scruple relates to matters of conscience and duty .
antonyms :
assurance , certainty , conviction , determination , resolution , belief , confidence , decision , persuasion , resolve .
* * * * *
draw .
synonyms :
allure , drag , haul , induce , lure , tow , attract , entice , incline , lead , pull , tug .
one object draws another when it moves it toward itself or in the direction of its own motion by the exertion of adequate force , whether slight or powerful .
to attract is to exert a force that tends to draw , tho it may produce no actual motion ; all objects are attracted toward the earth , tho they may be sustained from falling .
to drag is to draw against strong resistance ; as , to drag a sled over bare ground , or a carriage up a steep hill .
to pull is to exert a drawing force , whether adequate or inadequate ; as , the fish pulls on the line ; a dentist pulls a tooth .
to tug is to draw , or try to draw , a resisting object with a continuous straining motion ; as , to tug at the oar .
to haul is to draw somewhat slowly a heavy object ; as , to haul a seine ; to haul logs .
one vessel tows another .
in the figurative sense , attract is more nearly akin to incline , draw to induce .
we are attracted by one's appearance , drawn to his side .
compare allure ; array ; influence .
antonyms :
alienate , estrange , rebuff , reject , repel , repulse .
see synonyms for drive .
prepositions :
to draw water from or out of the well ; draw the boat through the water , to the shore ; draw air into the lungs ; draw with cords of love ; the wagon is drawn by horses , along the road , across the field
, over the stones , through the woods , to the barn .
* * * * *
dream .
synonyms :
day - dream , fantasy , reverie , trance , fancy , hallucination , romance , vision .
a dream is strictly a train of thoughts , fantasies , and images passing through the mind during sleep ; a vision may occur when one is awake , and in clear exercise of the senses and mental powers ; vision is often applied to something seen
by the mind through supernatural agency , whether in sleep or wakefulness , conceived as more real and authoritative than a dream ; a trance is an abnormal state , which is different from normal sleep or wakefulness .
a reverie is a purposeless drifting of the mind when awake , under the influence of mental images ; a day - dream that which passes before the mind in such condition .
a fancy is some image presented to the mind , often in the fullest exercise of its powers .
hallucination is the seeming perception of non - existent objects , as in insanity or delirium .
in the figurative sense , we speak of dreams of fortune , visions of glory , with little difference of meaning except that the vision is thought of as fuller and more vivid .
we speak of a trance of delight when the emotion almost sweeps one away from the normal exercise of the faculties .
antonyms :
certainty , fact , reality , realization , substance , verity .
* * * * *
dress .
synonyms :
apparel , clothes , garb , habit , uniform , array , clothing , garments , raiment , vestments , attire , costume , habiliments , robes , vesture .
clothing denotes the entire covering of the body , taken as a whole ; clothes and garments view it as composed of separate parts .
clothes , clothing , and garments may be used of inner or outer covering ; all the other words in the list ( with possible rare exceptions in the case of raiment ) refer to the outer garments .
array , raiment , and vesture are archaic or poetic ; so , too , is habit , except in technical use to denote a lady's riding - dress .
the word vestments is now rare , except in ecclesiastical use .
apparel and attire are most frequently used of somewhat complete and elegant outer clothing , tho shakespeare speaks of " poor and mean attire . " dress may be used , specifically , for a woman's gown , and in that sense may be either rich or
shabby ; but in the general sense it denotes outer clothing which is meant to be elegant , complete , and appropriate to some social or public occasion ; as , full dress , court dress , evening dress , etc .
dress has now largely displaced apparel and attire .
garb denotes the clothing characteristic of some class , profession , or the like ; as , the garb of a priest .
costume is chiefly used for that which befits an assumed character ; as , a theatrical costume ; we sometimes speak of a national costume , etc .
antonyms :
bareness , dishabille , exposure , nakedness , nudity , undress .
disarray ,
* * * * *
drive .
synonyms :
compel , propel , repel , resist , thrust , impel , push , repulse , ride , urge on .
to drive is to move an object with some force or violence before or away from oneself ; it is the direct reverse of draw , lead , etc .
a man leads a horse by the halter , drives him with whip and rein .
one may be driven to a thing or from it ; hence , drive is a synonym equally for compel or for repel or repulse .
repulse is stronger and more conclusive than repel ; one may be repelled by the very aspect of the person whose favor he seeks , but is not repulsed except by the direct refusal or ignoring of his suit .
a certain conventional modern usage , especially in england , requires us to say that we drive in a carriage , ride upon a horse ; tho in scripture we read of riding in a chariot ( 2 kings ix , 16 ; jer .
xvii , 25 , etc . ) ; good examples of the same usage may be found abundantly in the older english .
the propriety of a person's saying that he is going to drive when he is simply to be conveyed in a carriage , where some one else , as the coachman , does all the driving , is exceedingly questionable .
many good authorities prefer to use ride in the older and broader sense as signifying to be supported and borne along by any means of conveyance .
compare banish ; compel ; influence .
antonyms :
see synonyms for draw .
prepositions :
drive to market ; to despair ; drive into exile ; from one's presence ; out of the city ; drive by , with , or under the lash ; drive by or past beautiful estates ; along the beach ; beside the river ; through the
park ; across the field ; around the square ; to the door ; into the barn ; out of the sunshine .
* * * * *
duplicate .
synonyms :
copy , facsimile , likeness , reproduction , counterpart , imitation , replica , transcript .
a copy is as nearly like the original as the copyist has power to make it ; a duplicate is exactly like the original ; a carbon copy of a typewritten document must be a duplicate ; we may have an inaccurate copy , but never an
inaccurate duplicate .
a facsimile is like the original in appearance ; a duplicate is the same as the original in substance and effect ; a facsimile of the declaration of independence is not a duplicate .
a facsimile of a key might be quite useless ; a duplicate will open the lock .
a counterpart exactly corresponds to another object , but perhaps without design , while a copy is intentional .
an imitation is always thought of as inferior to the original ; as , an imitation of milton .
a replica is a copy of a work of art by the maker of the original .
in law , a copy of an instrument has in itself no authority ; the signatures , as well as other matters , may be copied ; a duplicate is really an original , containing the same provisions and signed by the same persons , so that
it may have in all respects the same force and effect ; a transcript is an official copy , authenticated by the signature of the proper officer , and by the seal of the appropriate court .
while strictly there could be but one duplicate , the word is now extended to an indefinite number of exact copies .
reproduction is chiefly applied to living organisms .
antonyms :
archetype , model , original , pattern , prototype .
* * * * *
duty .
synonyms :
accountability , function , office , right , business , obligation , responsibility , righteousness .
etymologically , duty is that which is owed or due ; obligation , that to or by which one is bound ; right , that which is correct , straight , or in the direct line of truth and goodness ; responsibility , that for which one
must answer .
duty and responsibility are thought of as to some person or persons ; right is impersonal .
one's duty may be to others or to himself ; his obligations and responsibilities are to others .
duty arises from the nature of things ; obligation and responsibility may be created by circumstances , as by one's own promise , or by the acceptance of a trust , etc .
we speak of a parent's duty , a debtor's obligation ; or of a child's duty of obedience , and a parent's responsibility for the child's welfare .
right is that which accords with the moral system of the universe .
righteousness is right incarnated in action .
in a more limited sense , right may be used of what one may rightly claim , and so be the converse of duty .
it is the creditor's right to demand payment , and the debtor's duty to pay .
compare business .
* * * * *
eager .
synonyms :
animated , desirous , glowing , importunate , longing , anxious , earnest , hot , intense , vehement , ardent , enthusiastic , impatient , intent , yearning , burning , fervent , impetuous , keen , zealous .
one is eager who impatiently desires to accomplish some end ; one is earnest with a desire that is less impatient , but more deep , resolute , and constant ; one is anxious with a desire that foresees rather the pain of disappointment than the delight
of attainment .
one is eager for the gratification of any appetite or passion ; he is earnest in conviction , purpose , or character .
eager usually refers to some specific and immediate satisfaction , earnest to something permanent and enduring ; the patriotic soldier is earnest in his devotion to his country , eager for a decisive battle .
antonyms :
apathetic , cool , indifferent , regardless , unconcerned , calm , dispassionate , negligent , stolid , uninterested , careless , frigid , phlegmatic , stony , unmindful , cold , heedless , purposeless , stupid , unmoved .
prepositions :
eager for ( more rarely after ) favor , honor , etc . ; eager in pursuit .
* * * * *
ease .
synonyms :
easiness , expertness , facility , knack , readiness .
ease in the sense here considered denotes freedom from conscious or apparent effort , tax , or strain .
ease may be either of condition or of action ; facility is always of action ; readiness is of action or of expected action .
one lives at ease who has no pressing cares ; one stands at ease , moves or speaks with ease , when wholly without constraint .
facility is always active ; readiness may be active or passive ; the speaker has facility of expression , readiness of wit ; any appliance is in readiness for use .
ease of action may imply merely the possession of ample power ; facility always implies practise and skill ; any one can press down the keys of a typewriter with ease ; only the skilled operator works the machine with facility .
readiness in the active sense includes much of the meaning of ease with the added idea of promptness or alertness .
easiness applies to the thing done , rather than to the doer .
expertness applies to the more mechanical processes of body and mind ; we speak of the readiness of an orator , but of the expertness of a gymnast .
compare comfortable ; dexterity ; power .
antonyms :
annoyance , difficulty , irritation , trouble , vexation , awkwardness , discomfort , perplexity , uneasiness , worry .
constraint , disquiet ,
* * * * *
education .
synonyms :
breeding , discipline , learning , study , cultivation , information , nurture , teaching , culture , instruction , reading , training , development , knowledge , schooling , tuition .
education ( l .
educere , to lead or draw out ) is the systematic development and cultivation of the mind and other natural powers .
" education is the harmonious development of all our faculties .
it begins in the nursery , and goes on at school , but does not end there .
it continues through life , whether we will or not . . . .
' every person , ' says gibbon , ' has two educations , one which he receives from others , and one more important , which he gives himself . ' " john lubbock the use of life ch .
vii , p .
111 .
[ macm .
' 94 . ] instruction , the impartation of knowledge by others ( l .
instruere , to build in or into ) is but a part of education , often the smallest part .
teaching is the more familiar and less formal word for instruction .
training refers not merely to the impartation of knowledge , but to the exercising of one in actions with the design to form habits .
discipline is systematic and rigorous training , with the idea of subjection to authority and perhaps of punishment .
tuition is the technical term for teaching as the business of an instructor or as in the routine of a school ; tuition is narrower than teaching , not , like the latter word , including training .
study is emphatically what one does for himself .
we speak of the teaching , training , or discipline , but not of the education or tuition of a dog or a horse .
breeding and nurture include teaching and training , especially as directed by and dependent upon home life and personal association ; breeding having reference largely to manners with such qualities as are deemed distinctively characteristic of high birth ; nurture ( literally nourishing ) having more direct
reference to moral qualities , not overlooking the physical and mental .
knowledge and learning tell nothing of mental development apart from the capacity to acquire and remember , and nothing whatever of that moral development which is included in education in its fullest and noblest sense ; learning , too , may be acquired by one's unaided industry
, but any full education must be the result in great part of instruction , training , and personal association .
study is emphatically what one does for himself , and in which instruction and tuition can only point the way , encourage the student to advance , and remove obstacles ; vigorous , persevering study is one of the best elements of training .
study is also used in the sense of the thing studied , a subject to be mastered by study , a studious pursuit .
compare knowledge ; refinement ; wisdom .
antonyms :
ignorance , illiteracy .
compare synonyms for ignorant .
* * * * *
effrontery .
synonyms :
assurance , boldness , hardihood , insolence , audacity , brass , impudence , shamelessness .
audacity , in the sense here considered , is a reckless defiance of law , decency , public opinion , or personal rights , claims , or views , approaching the meaning of impudence or shamelessness , but always carrying the thought of the personal risk that
one disregards in such defiance ; the merely impudent or shameless person may take no thought of consequences ; the audacious person recognizes and recklessly braves them .
hardihood defies and disregards the rational judgment of men .
effrontery ( l .
effrons , barefaced , shameless ) adds to audacity and hardihood the special element of defiance of considerations of propriety , duty , and respect for others , yet not to the extent implied in impudence or shamelessness .
impudence disregards what is due to superiors ; shamelessness defies decency .
boldness is forward - stepping courage , spoken of with reference to the presence and observation of others ; boldness , in the good sense , is courage viewed from the outside ; but the word is frequently used in an unfavorable sense to indicate a lack
of proper sensitiveness and modesty .
compare assurance ; brave .
antonyms :
bashfulness , diffidence , sensitiveness , shyness , coyness , modesty , shrinking , timidity .
* * * * *
egotism .
synonyms :
conceit , self - assertion , self - confidence , self - esteem , egoism , self - conceit , self - consciousness , vanity .
egoism is giving the " i " undue supremacy in thought ; egotism is giving the " i " undue prominence in speech .
egotism is sometimes used in the sense of egoism , or supreme regard for oneself .
self - assertion is the claim by word , act , or manner of what one believes to be his due ; self - conceit is an overestimate of one's own powers or deserts .
conceit is a briefer expression for self - conceit , with always an offensive implication ; self - conceit is ridiculous or pitiable ; conceit arouses resentment .
there is a worthy self - confidence which springs from consciousness of rectitude and of power equal to demands .
self - assertion at times becomes a duty ; but self - conceit is always a weakness .
self - consciousness is the keeping of one's thoughts upon oneself , with the constant anxious question of what others will think .
vanity is an overweening admiration of self , craving equal admiration from others ; self - consciousness is commonly painful to its possessor , vanity always a source of satisfaction , except as it fails to receive its supposed due .
self - esteem is more solid and better founded than self - conceit ; but is ordinarily a weakness , and never has the worthy sense of self - confidence .
compare assurance ; pride .
antonyms :
bashfulness , humility , self - forgetfulness , unobtrusiveness , deference , modesty , shyness , unostentatiousness .
diffidence , self - distrust ,
* * * * *
emblem .
synonyms :
attribute , figure , image , sign , symbol , token , type .
emblem is the english form of emblema , a latin word of greek origin , signifying a figure beaten out on a metallic vessel by blows from within ; also , a figure inlaid in wood , stone , or other material as a copy of some
natural object .
the greek word symbolon denoted a victor's wreath , a check , or any object that might be compared with , or found to correspond with another , whether there was or was not anything in the objects compared to suggest the comparison .
thus an emblem resembles , a symbol represents .
an emblem has some natural fitness to suggest that for which it stands ; a symbol has been chosen or agreed upon to suggest something else , with or without natural fitness ; a sign does actually suggest the thing with or without reason , and with
or without intention or choice .
a symbol may be also an emblem ; thus the elements of bread and wine in the lord's supper are both appropriate emblems and his own chosen symbols of suffering and death .
a statement of doctrine is often called a symbol of faith ; but it is not an emblem .
on the other hand , the same thing may be both a sign and a symbol ; a letter of the alphabet is a sign which indicates a sound ; but letters are often used as mathematical , chemical , or astronomical symbols .
a token is something given or done as a pledge or expression of feeling or intent ; while the sign may be unintentional , the token is voluntary ; kind looks may be signs of regard ; a gift is a token ; a ring , which
is a natural emblem of eternity , and also its accepted symbol , is frequently given as a token of friendship or love .
a figure in the sense here considered is something that represents an idea to the mind somewhat as a form is represented to the eye , as in drawing , painting , or sculpture ; as representing a future reality , a figure may be practically the
same as a type .
an image is a visible representation , especially in sculpture , having or supposed to have a close resemblance to that which it represents .
a type is in religion a representation of a greater reality to come ; we speak of one object as the type of the class whose characteristics it exhibits , as in the case of animal or vegetable types .
an attribute in art is some accessory used to characterize a figure or scene ; the attribute is often an emblem or symbol ; thus the eagle is the attribute of st .
john as an emblem of lofty spiritual vision .
compare sign .
* * * * *
emigrate .
synonyms :
immigrate , migrate .
to migrate is to change one's dwelling - place , usually with the idea of repeated change , or of periodical return ; it applies to wandering tribes of men , and to many birds and animals .
emigrate and immigrate carry the idea of a permanent change of residence to some other country or some distant region ; the two words are used distinctively of human beings , and apply to the same person and the same act , according to the side from
which the action is viewed .
prepositions :
a person emigrates from the land he leaves , and immigrates to the land where he takes up his abode .
* * * * *
employ .
synonyms :
call , engage , engross , hire , make use of , use , use up .
in general terms it may be said that to employ is to devote to one's purpose , to use is to render subservient to one's purpose ; what is used is viewed as more absolutely an instrument than what is employed ; a merchant employs a clerk
; he uses pen and paper ; as a rule , use is not said of persons , except in a degrading sense ; as , the conspirators used him as a go - between .
hence the expression common in some religious circles " that god would use me " is not to be commended ; it has also the fault of representing the human worker as absolutely a passive and helpless instrument ; the phrase is altogether unscriptural ; the scripture
says , " we are laborers together with ( co - workers with ) god . " that which is used is often consumed in the using , or in familiar phrase used up ; as , we used twenty tons of coal last winter ; in
such cases we could not substitute employ .
a person may be employed in his own work or in that of another ; in the latter case the service is always understood to be for pay .
in this connection employ is a word of more dignity than hire ; a general is employed in his country's service ; a mercenary adventurer is hired to fight a tyrant's battles .
it is unsuitable , according to present usage , to speak of hiring a pastor ; the scripture , indeed , says of the preacher , " the laborer is worthy of his hire ; " but this sense is archaic , and hire now implies that
the one hired works directly and primarily for the pay , as expressed in the noun " hireling ; " a pastor is properly said to be called , or when the business side of the transaction is referred to , engaged , or possibly employed ,
at a certain salary .
prepositions :
employ in , on , upon , or about a work , business , etc . ; for a purpose ; at a stipulated salary .
* * * * *
end , v .
synonyms :
break off , close , conclude , expire , quit , terminate , cease , complete , desist , finish , stop , wind up .
that ends , or is ended , of which there is no more , whether or not more was intended or needed ; that is closed , completed , concluded , or finished which has come to an expected or appropriate end .
a speech may be ended almost as soon as begun , because of the speaker's illness , or of tumult in the audience ; in such a case , the speech is neither closed , completed , nor finished , nor , in the strict sense ,
concluded .
an argument may be closed with nothing proved ; when an argument is concluded all that is deemed necessary to prove the point has been stated .
to finish is to do the last thing there is to do ; as , " i have finished my course , " 2 tim .
iv , 7 .
finish has come to mean , not merely to complete in the essentials , but to perfect in all the minute details , as in the expression " to add the finishing touches . " the enumeration is completed ; the poem , the picture , the
statue is finished .
to terminate may be either to bring to an arbitrary or to an appropriate end ; as , he terminated his remarks abruptly ; the spire terminates in a cross .
a thing stops that comes to rest from motion ; or the motion stops or ceases when the object comes to rest ; stop frequently signifies to bring or come to a sudden and decided cessation of motion , progress , or action of any kind .
compare do ; transact .
antonyms :
see synonyms for begin .
* * * * *
end , n .
synonyms :
accomplishment , effect , limit , achievement , expiration , outcome , bound , extent , period , boundary , extremity , point , cessation , finale , purpose , close , finis , result , completion , finish , termination , conclusion , fulfilment , terminus
, consequence , goal , tip , consummation , intent , utmost , design , issue , uttermost .
the end is the terminal part of a material object that has length ; the extremity is distinctively the terminal point , and may thus be but part of the end in the general sense of that word ; the extremity is viewed as that which is
most remote from some center , or some mean or standard position ; the southern end of south america includes all patagonia , the southern extremity or point is cape horn .
tip has nearly the same meaning as extremity , but is said of small or slight and tapering objects ; as , the tip of the finger ; point in such connections is said of that which is drawn out to exceeding fineness or sharpness , as
the point of a needle , a fork , or a sword ; extremity is said of something considerable ; we do not speak of the extremity of a needle .
terminus is chiefly used to designate the end of a line of travel or transportation : specifically , the furthermost station in any direction on a railway , or by extension the town or village where it is situated .
termination is the latin and more formal word for the saxon end , but is chiefly used of time , words , undertakings , or abstractions of any kind .
expiration signifies the coming to an end in the natural course of things ; as , the expiration of a year , or of a lease ; it is used of things of some consequence ; we do not ordinarily speak of the expiration of an hour
or of a day .
limit implies some check to or restraint upon further advance , right , or privilege ; as , the limits of an estate ( compare boundary ) .
a goal is an end sought or striven for , as in a race .
for the figurative senses of end and its associated words , compare the synonyms for the verb end ; also for aim ; consequence ; design .
antonyms :
see synonyms for beginning .
* * * * *
endeavor , v .
synonyms :
attempt , essay , strive , try , undertake .
to attempt is to take action somewhat experimentally with the hope and purpose of accomplishing a certain result ; to endeavor is to attempt strenuously and with firm and enduring purpose .
to attempt expresses a single act ; to endeavor , a continuous exertion ; we say i will endeavor ( not i will attempt ) while i live .
to attempt is with the view of accomplishing ; to essay , with a view of testing our own powers .
to undertake is to accept or take upon oneself as an obligation , as some business , labor , or trust ; the word often implies complete assurance of success ; as , i will undertake to produce the witness .
to strive suggests little of the result , much of toil , strain , and contest , in seeking it ; i will strive to fulfil your wishes , i .
e . , i will spare no labor and exertion to do it .
try is the most comprehensive of these words .
the original idea of testing or experimenting is not thought of when a man says " i will try . " to attempt suggests giving up , if the thing is not accomplished at a stroke ; to try implies using other means and studying out other
ways if not at first successful .
endeavor is more mild and formal ; the pilot in the burning pilot - house does not say " i will endeavor " or " i will attempt to hold the ship to her course , " but " i'll try , sir ! "
antonyms :
abandon , give up , omit , throw away , dismiss , let go , overlook , throw over , drop , neglect , pass by , throw up .
* * * * *
endeavor , n .
synonyms :
attempt , effort , essay , exertion , struggle , trial .
effort denotes the voluntary putting forth of power to attain or accomplish some specific thing ; it reaches toward a definite end ; exertion is a putting forth of power without special reference to an object .
every effort is an exertion , but not every exertion is an effort .
attempt is more experimental than effort , endeavor less strenuous but more continuous .
an effort is a single act , an endeavor a continued series of acts ; an endeavor is sustained and enduring , and may be lifelong ; we do not have a society of christian attempt , or of christian effort , but of christian endeavor .
a struggle is a violent effort or strenuous exertion .
an essay is an attempt , effort , or endeavor made as a test of the powers of the one who makes it .
compare endeavor , v .
* * * * *
endure .
synonyms :
abide , bear , brook , submit to , sustain , afford , bear up under , permit , suffer , tolerate , allow , bear with , put up with , support , undergo .
bear is the most general of these words ; it is metaphorically to hold up or keep up a burden of care , pain , grief , annoyance , or the like , without sinking , lamenting , or repining .
allow and permit involve large concession of the will ; put up with and tolerate imply decided aversion and reluctant withholding of opposition or interference ; whispering is allowed by the school - teacher who does not forbid nor censure it ; one puts up with the
presence of a disagreeable visitor ; a state tolerates a religion which it would be glad to suppress .
to endure is to bear with strain and resistance , but with conscious power ; endure conveys a fuller suggestion of contest and conquest than bear .
one may choose to endure the pain of a surgical operation rather than take anesthetics ; he permits the thing to come which he must brace himself to endure when it comes .
to afford is to be equal to a pecuniary demand , i .
e . , to be able to bear it .
to brook is quietly to put up with provocation or insult .
abide combines the senses of await and endure ; as , i will abide the result .
compare abide ; support .
antonyms :
break , despair , fail , fall , give out , sink , surrender , break down , droop , faint , falter , give up , succumb , yield .
* * * * *
enemy .
synonyms :
adversary , antagonist , competitor , foe , opponent , rival .
an enemy in private life is one who is moved by hostile feeling with active disposition to injure ; but in military language all who fight on the opposite side are called enemies or collectively " the enemy , " where no personal animosity may be implied
; foe , which is rather a poetical and literary word , implies intensely hostile spirit and purpose .
an antagonist is one who opposes and is opposed actively and with intensity of effort ; an opponent , one in whom the attitude of resistance is the more prominent ; a competitor , one who seeks the same object for which another is striving ; antagonists
in wrestling , competitors in business , opponents in debate may contend with no personal ill will ; rivals in love , ambition , etc . , rarely avoid inimical feeling .
adversary was formerly much used in the general sense of antagonist or opponent , but is now less common , and largely restricted to the hostile sense ; an adversary is ordinarily one who not only opposes another in fact , but does so with hostile spirit
, or perhaps out of pure malignity ; as , the great adversary .
compare synonyms for ambition .
antonyms :
abettor , accessory , accomplice , ally , friend , helper , supporter .
prepositions :
he was the enemy of my friend in the contest .
* * * * *
enmity .
synonyms :
acrimony , bitterness , ill will , malignity , animosity , hatred , malevolence , rancor , antagonism , hostility , malice , spite .
enmity is the state of being an enemy or the feeling and disposition characterizing an enemy ( compare enemy ) .
animosity denotes a feeling more active and vehement , but often less enduring and determined , than enmity .
enmity distinctly recognizes its object as an enemy , to be met or dealt with accordingly .
hostility is enmity in action ; the term hostilities between nations denotes actual armed collision .
bitterness is a resentful feeling arising from a belief that one has been wronged ; acrimony is a kindred feeling , but deeper and more persistent , and may arise from the crossing of one's wishes or plans by another , where no injustice or wrong is
felt .
antagonism , as between two competing authors or merchants , does not necessarily imply enmity , but ordinarily suggests a shade , at least , of hostile feeling .
malice is a disposition or intent to injure others , for the gratification of some evil passion ; malignity is intense and violent enmity , hatred , or malice .
compare synonyms for acrimony ; anger ; hatred .
antonyms :
agreement , amity , friendship , kindliness , regard , alliance , concord , harmony , kindness , sympathy .
* * * * *
entertain .
synonyms :
amuse , cheer , disport , enliven , interest , please , beguile , delight , divert , gratify , occupy , recreate .
to entertain , in the sense here considered , is to engage and pleasantly occupy the attention ; to amuse is to occupy the attention in an especially bright and cheerful way , often with that which excites merriment or laughter ; as , he entertained us
with an amusing story .
to divert is to turn from serious thoughts or laborious pursuits to something that lightly and agreeably occupies the mind ; one may be entertained or amused who has nothing serious or laborious from which to be diverted .
to recreate , literally to re - create , is to engage mind or body in some pleasing activity that restores strength and energy for serious work .
to beguile is , as it were , to cheat into cheer and comfort by something that insensibly draws thought or feeling away from pain or disquiet .
we beguile a weary hour , cheer the despondent , divert the preoccupied , enliven a dull evening or company , gratify our friends ' wishes , entertain , interest , please a listening audience , occupy idle time , disport ourselves when merry , recreate when
worn with toil ; we amuse ourselves or others with whatever pleasantly passes the time without special exertion , each according to his taste .
antonyms :
annoy , bore , busy , disquiet , distract , disturb , tire , weary .
* * * * *
entertainment .
synonyms :
amusement , diversion , fun , pleasure , cheer , enjoyment , merriment , recreation , delight , frolic , pastime , sport .
entertainment and recreation imply thought and mental occupation , tho in an agreeable , refreshing way ; they are therefore words of a high order .
entertainment , apart from its special senses of a public performance or a social party , and predominantly even there , is used of somewhat mirthful mental delight ; recreation may , and usually does , combine the mental with the physical .
amusement and pastime are nearly equivalent , the latter probably the lighter word ; many slight things may be pastimes which we should hardly dignify by the name of amusements .
sports are almost wholly on the physical plane , tho involving a certain grade of mental action ; fox - hunting , horse - racing , and baseball are sports .
certain sports may afford entertainment or recreation to certain persons , according to their individual tastes ; but entertainment and recreation are capable of a meaning so high as never to be approached by any meaning of sport .
cheer may be very quiet , as the cheer of a bright fire to an aged traveler ; merriment is with liveliness and laughter ; fun and frolic are apt to be boisterous .
amusement is a form of enjoyment , but enjoyment may be too keen to be called amusement .
compare synonyms for entertain .
antonyms :
ennui , fatigue , labor , lassitude , toil , weariness , work .
* * * * *
enthusiasm .
synonyms :
ardor , excitement , frenzy , transport , devotion , extravagance , inspiration , vehemence , eagerness , fanaticism , intensity , warmth , earnestness , fervency , passion , zeal .
ecstasy , fervor , rapture ,
the old meaning of enthusiasm implies a pseudo - inspiration , an almost frantic extravagance in behalf of something supposed to be an expression of the divine will .
this sense remains as the controlling one in the kindred noun enthusiast .
enthusiasm has now chiefly the meaning of an earnest and commendable devotion , an intense and eager interest .
against the hindrances of the world , nothing great and good can be carried without a certain fervor , intensity , and vehemence ; these joined with faith , courage , and hopefulness make enthusiasm .
zeal is burning earnestness , always tending to vigorous action with all the devotion of enthusiasm , tho often without its hopefulness .
compare eager .
antonyms :
calculation , caution , deadness , indifference , policy , timidity , calmness , coldness , dulness , lukewarmness , prudence , wariness .
* * * * *
entrance .
synonyms :
access , approach , gate , introduction , accession , door , gateway , opening , adit , doorway , ingress , penetration , admission , entree , inlet , portal .
admittance , entry ,
entrance , the act of entering , refers merely to the fact of passing from without to within some enclosure ; admission and admittance refer to entering by or with some one's consent , or at least to opportunity afforded by some one's act or neglect .
we may effect or force an entrance , but not admittance or admission ; those we gain , procure , obtain , secure , win .
admittance refers to place , admission refers also to position , privilege , favor , friendship , etc .
an intruder may gain admittance to the hall of a society who would not be allowed admission to its membership .
approach is a movement toward another ; access is coming all the way to his presence , recognition , and consideration .
an unworthy favorite may prevent even those who gain admittance to a king's audience from obtaining any real access to the king .
entrance is also used figuratively for setting out upon some career , or becoming a member of some organization ; as , we speak of one's entrance upon college life , or of entrance into the ministry .
antonyms :
departure , ejection , exit , refusal , withdrawal .
egress , exclusion , expulsion , rejection ,
prepositions :
entrance into a place ; on or upon a work or course of action ; into or upon office ; into battle ; by or through the door ; within the gates ; into or among the company .
* * * * *
envious .
synonyms :
jealous , suspicious .
one is envious who cherishes selfish ill will toward another because of his superior success , endowments , possessions , or the like .
a person is envious of that which is another's , and to which he himself has no right or claim ; he is jealous of intrusion upon that which is his own , or to which he maintains a right or claim .
an envious spirit is always bad ; a jealous spirit may be good or bad , according to its object and tendency .
a free people must be jealous of their liberties if they would retain them .
one is suspicious of another from unfavorable indications or from a knowledge of wrong in his previous conduct , or even without reason .
compare doubt .
antonyms :
contented , friendly , kindly , satisfied , trustful , well - disposed .
prepositions :
envious of ( formerly at or against ) a person ; envious of his wealth or power ; envious of him for , because of , on account of his wealth or power .
* * * * *
equivocal .
synonyms :
ambiguous , enigmatical , indistinct , questionable , doubtful , indefinite , obscure , suspicious , dubious , indeterminate , perplexing , uncertain .
enigmatic ,
equivocal ( l .
equus , equal , and vox , voice , word ) denotes that which may equally well be understood in either of two or more ways .
ambiguous ( l .
ambi , around , and ago , drive , lead ) signifies lacking in distinctness or certainty , obscure or doubtful through indefiniteness of expression .
ambiguous is applied only to spoken or written statements ; equivocal has other applications .
a statement is ambiguous when it leaves the mind of the reader or hearer to fluctuate between two meanings , which would fit the language equally well ; it is equivocal when it would naturally be understood in one way , but is capable of a different
interpretation ; an equivocal expression is , as a rule , intentionally deceptive , while an ambiguous utterance may be simply the result of a want either of clear thought or of adequate expression .
that which is enigmatical must be guessed like a riddle ; a statement may be purposely made enigmatical in order to provoke thought and study .
that is doubtful which is fairly open to doubt ; that is dubious which has become the subject of doubts so grave as scarcely to fall short of condemnation ; as , a dubious reputation .
questionable may be used nearly in the sense either of dubious or of doubtful ; a questionable statement is one that must be proved before it can be accepted .
to say that one's honesty is questionable is a mild way of saying that in the opinion of the speaker he is likely to prove dishonest .
equivocal is sometimes , tho more rarely , used in this sense .
a suspicious character gives manifest reason to be suspected ; a suspicious temper is inclined to suspect the motives and intentions of others , with or without reason .
compare clear .
antonyms :
certain , evident , lucid , perspicuous , unequivocal , clear , indisputable , manifest , plain , unquestionable , distinct , indubitable , obvious , unambiguous , unquestioned .
* * * * *
esteem , v .
synonyms :
appreciate , consider , estimate , prize , think , calculate , deem , hold , regard , value .
esteem and estimate alike imply to set a certain mental value upon , but esteem is less precise and mercantile than calculate or estimate .
we esteem a jewel precious ; we estimate it to be worth so much money .
this sense of esteem is now chiefly found in literary or oratorical style , and in certain conventional phrases ; as , i esteem it an honor , a favor .
in popular usage esteem , as said of persons , denotes a union of respect and kindly feeling and , in the highest sense , of moral approbation ; as , one whom i highly esteem ; the word may be used in a similar sense of
material things or abstractions ; as , one whose friendship i esteem ; a shell greatly esteemed for inlaid work .
to appreciate anything is to be deeply or keenly sensible of or sensitive to its qualities or influence , to see its full import , be alive to its value , importance , or worth ; as , to appreciate beauty or harmony ; to appreciate one's
services in a cause ; the word is similarly , tho rarely , used of persons .
to prize is to set a high value on for something more than merely commercial reasons .
one may value some object , as a picture , beyond all price , as a family heirloom , or may prize it as the gift of an esteemed friend , without at all appreciating its artistic merit or commercial value .
to regard ( f .
regarder , look at , observe ) is to have a certain mental view favorable or unfavorable ; as , i regard him as a friend ; or , i regard him as a villain ; regard has a distinctively favorable sense as applied to institutions ,
proprieties , duties , etc . , but does not share the use of the noun regard as applied to persons ; we regard the sabbath ; we regard a person's feelings ; we have a regard for the person .
compare esteem , n .
* * * * *
esteem , n .
synonyms :
estimate , estimation , favor , regard , respect .
esteem for a person is a favorable opinion on the basis of worth , especially of moral worth , joined with a feeling of interest in and attraction toward the person .
regard for a person is the mental view or feeling that springs from a sense of his value , excellence , or superiority , with a cordial and hearty friendliness .
regard is more personal and less distant than esteem , and adds a special kindliness ; respect is a more distant word than esteem .
respect may be wholly on one side , while regard is more often mutual ; respect in the fullest sense is given to what is lofty , worthy , and honorable , or to a person of such qualities ; we may pay an external respect to
one of lofty station , regardless of personal qualities , showing respect for the office .
estimate has more of calculation ; as , my estimate of the man , or of his abilities , is very high .
estimation involves the idea of calculation or appraisal with that of esteem or regard , and is especially used of the feeling entertained by numbers of people ; as , he stood high in public estimation .
compare esteem , v . ; friendship ; love .
antonyms :
abhorrence , aversion , dislike , loathing , antipathy , contempt , hatred , repugnance .
* * * * *
eternal .
synonyms :
deathless , fadeless , never - failing , undying , endless , immortal , perennial , unending , eonian , imperishable , perpetual , unfading , everlasting , interminable , timeless , unfailing , ever - living , never - ending , unceasing , without end .
eternal strictly signifies without beginning or end , in which sense it applies to god alone ; everlasting applies to that which may or may not have beginning , but will never cease ; eternal is also used in this more limited sense ; endless , without
end , in its utmost reach , is not distinguishable from everlasting ; but endless is constantly used in inferior senses , especially in mechanics , as in the phrases an endless screw , an endless chain .
everlasting and endless are both used in a limited sense of protracted , indefinite , but not infinite duration ; as , the everlasting hills ; endless debates ; so we speak of interminable quarrels .
eternal holds quite strictly to the vast and sacred meaning in which it is applied to the divine being and the future state .
everlasting , endless , and eternal may be applied to that which has no life ; as , everlasting chains , endless night , eternal death ; immortal applies to that which now has life , and is forever exempt from death .
timeless carries , perhaps , the fullest idea of eternal , as above and beyond time , and not to be measured by it .
* * * * *
event .
synonyms :
case , contingency , fortune , outcome , chance , end , incident , possibility , circumstance , episode , issue , result , consequence , fact , occurrence , sequel .
etymologically , the incident is that which falls in , the event that which comes out ; event is thus greater and more signal than incident ; we speak of trifling incidents , great events ; incidents of daily life , events of history .
circumstance agrees with incident in denoting a matter of relatively slight importance , but implies a more direct connection with the principal matter ; " circumstantial evidence " is evidence from seemingly minor matters directly connected with a case ; " incidental evidence " would be some
evidence that happened unexpectedly to touch it .
an occurrence is , etymologically , that which we run against , without thought of its origin , connection or tendency .
an episode is connected with the main course of events , like an incident or circumstance , but is of more independent interest and importance .
outcome is the saxon , and event the latin for expressing the same original idea .
consequence or result would express more of logical connection , and be more comprehensive .
the end may be simple cessation ; the event is what has been accomplished ; the event of a war is victory or defeat ; the end of the war is reached when a treaty of peace is signed .
since the future is contingent , event comes to have the meaning of a contingency ; as , in the event of his death , the policy will at once fall due .
compare circumstance ; consequence ; end .
* * * * *
every .
synonyms :
all , any , both , each , either .
all and both are collective ; any , each , and every are distributive .
any makes no selection and may not reach to the full limits of all ; each and every make no exception or omission , and must extend to all ; all sweeps in the units as part of a total , each and every proceed through the
units to the total .
a promise made to all omits none ; a promise made to any may not reach all ; a promise made to every one is so made that no individual shall fail to be aware of it ; a promise made to each is made to the
individuals personally , one by one .
each is thus more individual and specific than every ; every classifies , each individualizes .
each divides , both unites ; if a certain sum is given to each of two persons , both ( together ) must receive twice the amount ; both must be aware of what has been separately communicated to each ; a man may fire both barrels
of a gun by a single movement ; if he fires each barrel , he discharges them separately .
either properly denotes one of two , indefinitely , to the exclusion of the other .
the use of either in the sense of each or both , tho sustained by good authority , is objectionable because ambiguous .
his friends sat on either side of the room would naturally mean on one side or the other ; if the meaning is on both sides , it would be better to say so .
* * * * *
evident .
synonyms :
apparent , glaring , overt , tangible , clear , indubitable , palpable , transparent , conspicuous , manifest , patent , unmistakable , discernible , obvious , perceptible , visible .
distinct , open , plain ,
that is apparent which clearly appears to the senses or to the mind as soon as the attention is directed toward it ; that is evident of which the mind is made sure by some inference that supplements the facts of perception ; the marks of a
struggle were apparent in broken shrubbery and trampled ground , and the finding of a mutilated body and a rifled purse made it evident that robbery and murder had been committed .
that is manifest which we can lay the hand upon ; manifest is thus stronger than evident , as touch is more absolute than sight ; that the picture was a modern copy of an ancient work was evident , and on comparison with the original its
inferiority was manifest .
that is obvious which is directly in the way so that it can not be missed ; as , the application of the remark was obvious .
visible applies to all that can be perceived by the sense of sight , whether the noonday sun , a ship on the horizon , or a microscopic object .
discernible applies to that which is dimly or faintly visible , requiring strain and effort in order to be seen ; as , the ship was discernible through the mist .
that is conspicuous which stands out so as necessarily or strikingly to attract the attention .
palpable and tangible express more emphatically the thought of manifest .
antonyms :
concealed , impalpable , latent , secret , unknown , covert , impenetrable , obscure , undiscovered , unseen , dark , imperceptible , occult , unimagined , unthought - of .
hidden , invisible ,
* * * * *
example .
synonyms :
archetype , ideal , prototype , type , ensample , model , sample , warning .
exemplar , pattern , specimen , exemplification , precedent , standard ,
from its original sense of sample or specimen ( l .
exemplum ) example derives the seemingly contradictory meanings , on the one hand of a pattern or model , and on the other hand of a warning - - a sample or specimen of what is to be followed , or of what is to be shunned
.
an example , however , may be more than a sample or specimen of any class ; it may be the very archetype or prototype to which the whole class must conform , as when christ is spoken of as being an example or leaving an example
for his disciples .
example comes nearer to the possible freedom of the model than to the necessary exactness of the pattern ; often we can not , in a given case , exactly imitate the best example , but only adapt its teachings to altered circumstances .
in its application to a person or thing , exemplar can scarcely be distinguished from example ; but example is most frequently used for an act , or course of action , for which exemplar is not used ; as , one sets a good ( or
a bad ) example .
an exemplification is an illustrative working out in action of a principle or law , without any reference to its being copied or repeated ; an example guides , an exemplification illustrates or explains .
ensample is the same as example , but is practically obsolete outside of scriptural or theological language .
compare model ; sample .
* * * * *
excess .
synonyms :
dissipation , lavishness , redundance , surplus , exorbitance , overplus , redundancy , waste , extravagance , prodigality , superabundance , wastefulness .
intemperance , profusion , superfluity ,
excess is more than enough of anything , and , since this in very many cases indicates a lack either of judgment or of self - control , the word is used frequently in an unfavorable sense .
careless expenditure in excess of income is extravagance ; we may have also extravagance of language , professions , etc .
as extravagance is excess in outlay , exorbitance is excess in demands , and especially in pecuniary demands upon others .
overplus and superabundance denote in the main a satisfactory , and superfluity an undesirable , excess ; lavishness and profusion , a generous , bountiful , or amiable excess ; as , a profusion of fair hair ; lavishness of hospitality .
surplus is neutral , having none of the unfavorable meaning that often attaches to excess ; a surplus is that which remains over after all demands are met .
redundance or redundancy refers chiefly to literary style , denoting an excess of words or matter .
excess in the moral sense is expressed by dissipation , prodigality , intemperance , etc .
antonyms :
dearth , destitution , frugality , lack , scantiness , defect , economy , inadequacy , need , shortcoming , deficiency , failure , insufficiency , poverty , want .
* * * * *
execute .
synonyms :
administer , carry out , do , enforce , perform .
to execute is to follow through to the end , put into absolute and final effect in action ; to administer is to conduct as one holding a trust , as a minister and not an originator ; the sheriff executes a writ ; the trustee administers
an estate , a charity , etc . ; to enforce is to put into effect by force , actual or potential .
to administer the laws is the province of a court of justice ; to execute the laws is the province of a sheriff , marshal , constable , or other executive officer ; to administer the law is to declare or apply it ; to execute the
law is to put it in force ; for this enforce is the more general word , execute the more specific .
from signifying to superintend officially some application or infliction , administer passes by a natural transition to signify inflict , mete out , dispense , and blows , medicine , etc . , are said to be administered : a usage thoroughly established and reputable in spite
of pedantic objections .
enforce signifies also to present and urge home by intellectual and moral force ; as , to enforce a precept or a duty .
compare do ; kill ; make .
* * * * *
exercise .
synonyms :
act , application , exertion , performance , action , drill , occupation , practise , activity , employment , operation , use .
exercise , in the ordinary sense , is the easy natural action of any power ; exertion is the putting of any power to strain and tax .
an exercise - drive for a horse is so much as will develop strength and health and not appreciably weary .
but by qualifying adjectives we may bring exercise up to the full sense of exertion ; as , violent exercise .
exercise is action taken at any time with a view to employing , maintaining , or increasing power , or merely for enjoyment ; practise is systematic exercise with a view to the acquirement of facility and skill in some pursuit ; a person takes a walk
for exercise , or takes time for practise on the piano .
practise is also used of putting into action and effect what one has learned or holds as a theory ; as , the practise of law or medicine ; a profession of religion is good , but the practise of it is better .
drill is systematic , rigorous , and commonly enforced practise under a teacher or commander .
compare habit .
antonyms :
idleness , inaction , inactivity , relaxation , rest .
* * * * *
expense .
synonyms :
cost , expenditure , outgo , outlay .
the cost of a thing is whatever one surrenders or gives up for it , intentionally or unintentionally , or even unconsciously ; expense is what is laid out by calculation or intention .
we say , " he won his fame at the cost of his life ; " " i know it to my cost ; " we speak of a joke at another's expense ; at another's cost would seem to make it a more serious matter .
there is a tendency to use cost of what we pay for a possession , expense of what we pay for a service ; we speak of the cost of goods , the expense of making up .
outlay is used of some definite expenditure , as for the purchase of supplies ; outgo of a steady drain or of incidental expenses .
see price .
antonyms :
gain , proceeds , profit , receipt , return , income , product , profits , receipts , returns .
* * * * *
explicit .
synonym :
express .
both explicit and express are opposed to what is merely implicit or implied .
that which is explicit is unfolded , so that it may not be obscure , doubtful , or ambiguous ; that which is express is uttered or stated so decidedly that it may not be forgotten nor overlooked .
an explicit statement is too clear to be misunderstood ; an express command is too emphatic to be disregarded .
compare clear .
antonyms :
ambiguous , implicit , indefinite , uncertain , doubtful , implied , indeterminate , vague .
* * * * *
extemporaneous .
synonyms :
extemporary , impromptu , offhand , extempore , improvised , unpremeditated .
extemporaneous , originally signifying of or from the time or occasion , has come to mean done or made with but little ( if any ) preparation , and is now chiefly applied to addresses of which the thought has been prepared , and only the language
and incidental treatment left to the suggestion of the moment , so that an extemporaneous speech is understood to be any one that is not read or recited ; impromptu keeps its original sense , denoting something that springs from the instant ; the impromptu utterance is
generally brief , direct , and vigorous ; the extemporaneous speech may chance to be prosy .
offhand is still more emphatic as to the readiness and freedom of the utterance .
unpremeditated is graver and more formal , denoting absolute want of preparation , but is rather too heavy a word to be applied to such apt , ready utterance as is generally designated by impromptu .
antonyms :
elaborated , premeditated , prepared , read , recited , studied , written .
* * * * *
exterminate .
synonyms :
annihilate , eradicate , overthrow , uproot , banish , expel , remove , wipe out .
destroy , extirpate , root out ,
exterminate ( l .
ex , out , and terminus , a boundary ) signified primarily to drive beyond the bounds or limits of a country ; the word is applied to races of men or animals , and is now almost exclusively used for removal by death ; individuals are
now said to be banished or expelled .
eradicate ( l .
e , out , and radix , root ) is primarily applied to numbers or groups of plants which it is desired to remove effectually from the soil ; a single tree may be uprooted , but is not said to be eradicated ; we labor to
eradicate or root out noxious weeds .
to extirpate ( l .
ex , out , and stirps , stem , stock ) is not only to destroy the individuals of any race of plants or animals , but the very stock , so that the race can never be restored ; we speak of eradicating a disease ,
of extirpating a cancer , exterminating wild beasts or hostile tribes ; we seek to eradicate or extirpate all vices and evils .
compare abolish .
antonyms :
augment , build up , develop , increase , populate , replenish , beget , cherish , foster , plant , propagate , settle .
breed , colonize ,
* * * * *
faint .
synonyms :
dim , fatigued , irresolute , weak , exhausted , feeble , languid , wearied , faded , half - hearted , listless , worn , faint - hearted , ill - defined , purposeless , worn down , faltering , indistinct , timid , worn out
.
faint , with the general sense of lacking strength or effectiveness , covers a wide range of meaning , signifying overcome with physical weakness or exhaustion , or lacking in purpose , courage , or energy , as said of persons ; or lacking definiteness or distinctness
of color or sound , as said of written characters , voices , or musical notes .
a person may be faint when physically wearied , or when overcome with fear ; he may be a faint adherent because naturally feeble or purposeless , or because half - hearted in the cause ; he may be a faltering supporter because naturally irresolute or because
faint - hearted and timid in view of perils that threaten , a listless worker , through want of mental energy and purpose .
written characters may be faint or dim , either because originally written with poor ink , or because they have become faded by time and exposure .
antonyms :
bright , clear , daring , fresh , resolute , sturdy , brilliant , conspicuous , energetic , hearty , strong , vigorous .
prepositions :
faint with hunger ; faint in color .
* * * * *
faith .
synonyms :
assent , confidence , credit , opinion , assurance , conviction , creed , reliance , belief , credence , doctrine , trust .
belief , as an intellectual process , is the acceptance of some thing as true on other grounds than personal observation and experience .
we give credence to a report , assent to a proposition or to a proposal .
belief is stronger than credence ; credence might be described as a prima facie belief ; credence is a more formal word than belief , and seems to imply somewhat more of volition ; we speak of giving credence to a report , but not of giving
belief .
goods are sold on credit ; we give one credit for good intentions .
conviction is a belief established by argument or evidence ; assurance is belief beyond the reach of argument ; as , the christian's assurance of salvation .
an opinion is a general conclusion held as probable , tho without full certainty ; a persuasion is a more confident opinion , involving the heart as well as the intellect .
in religion , a doctrine is a statement of belief regarding a single point ; a creed is a summary statement of doctrines .
confidence is a firm dependence upon a statement as true , or upon a person as worthy .
reliance is confidence on which we act or are ready to act unquestioningly ; we have a calm reliance upon the uniformity of nature .
trust is a practical and tranquil resting of the mind upon the integrity , kindness , friendship , or promises of a person ; we have trust in god .
faith is a union of belief and trust .
faith is chiefly personal ; belief may be quite impersonal ; we speak of belief of a proposition , faith in a promise , because the promise emanates from a person .
but belief in a person is often used with no appreciable difference from faith .
in religion it is common to distinguish between intellectual belief of religious truth , as any other truth might be believed , and belief of the heart , or saving faith .
antonyms :
denial , dissent , doubt , infidelity , rejection , suspicion , disbelief , distrust , incredulity , misgiving , skepticism , unbelief .
prepositions :
have faith in god ; the faith of the gospel .
* * * * *
faithful .
synonyms :
devoted , incorruptible , stanch , true , trusty , firm , loyal , sure , trustworthy , unwavering .
a person is faithful who will keep faith , whether with or without power to aid or serve ; a person or thing is trusty that possesses such qualities as to justify the fullest confidence and dependence .
we may speak of a faithful but feeble friend ; we say a trusty agent , a trusty steed , a trusty sword .
antonyms :
capricious , false , unfaithful , untrustworthy , faithless , fickle , untrue , wavering .
prepositions :
faithful in service ; to duty ; to comrade or commander ; faithful among the faithless .
* * * * *
fame .
synonyms :
celebrity , eminence , honor , notoriety , reputation , credit , glory , laurels , renown , repute .
distinction ,
fame is the widely disseminated report of a person's character , deeds , or abilities , and is oftenest used in the favorable sense .
reputation and repute are more limited than fame , and may be either good or bad .
notoriety is evil repute or a dishonorable counterfeit of fame .
eminence and distinction may result from rank , station , or character .
celebrity is limited in range ; we speak of local celebrity , or world - wide fame .
fame in its best sense may be defined as the applause of numbers ; renown , as such applause worthily won ; we speak of the conqueror's fame , the patriot's renown .
glory and honor are of good import ; honor may be given for qualities or acts that should not win it , but it is always given as something good and worthy ; we can speak of an evil fame , but not of evil honor ;
glory has a more exalted and often a sacred sense .
antonyms :
contempt , discredit , dishonor , humiliation , infamy , obscurity , contumely , disgrace , disrepute , ignominy , oblivion , shame .
* * * * *
fanaticism .
synonyms :
bigotry , credulity , intolerance , superstition .
fanaticism is extravagant or even frenzied zeal ; bigotry is obstinate and unreasoning attachment to a cause or creed ; fanaticism and bigotry usually include intolerance , which is unwillingness to tolerate beliefs or opinions contrary to one's own ; superstition is ignorant and irrational religious belief
.
credulity is not distinctively religious , but is a general readiness to believe without sufficient evidence , with a proneness to accept the marvellous .
bigotry is narrow , fanaticism is fierce , superstition is ignorant , credulity is weak , intolerance is severe .
bigotry has not the capacity to reason fairly , fanaticism has not the patience , superstition has not the knowledge and mental discipline , intolerance has not the disposition .
bigotry , fanaticism , and superstition are perversions of the religious sentiment ; credulity and intolerance often accompany skepticism or atheism .
antonyms :
cynicism , free - thinking , indifference , latitudinarianism .
* * * * *
fanciful .
synonyms :
chimerical , fantastic , grotesque , imaginative , visionary .
that is fanciful which is dictated or suggested by fancy independently of more serious considerations ; the fantastic is the fanciful with the added elements of whimsicalness and extravagance .
the fanciful swings away from the real or the ordinary lightly and pleasantly , the fantastic extravagantly , the grotesque ridiculously .
a fanciful arrangement of objects is commonly pleasing , a fantastic arrangement is striking , a grotesque arrangement is laughable .
a fanciful theory or suggestion may be clearly recognized as such ; a visionary scheme is erroneously supposed to have a basis in fact .
compare synonyms for dream ; idea ; imagination .
antonyms :
accurate , commonplace , prosaic , regular , sound , calculable , literal , real , sensible , sure , calculated , ordinary , reasonable , solid , true .
* * * * *
fancy .
synonyms :
belief , desire , imagination , predilection , caprice , humor , inclination , supposition , conceit , idea , liking , vagary , conception , image , mood , whim .
an intellectual fancy is a mental image or picture founded upon slight or whimsical association or resemblance ; a conceit has less of the picturesque and more of the theoretic than a fancy ; a conceit is somewhat aside from the common laws of reasoning , as
a fancy is lighter and more airy than the common mode of thought .
a conceit or fancy may be wholly unfounded , while a conception always has , or is believed to have , some answering reality .
( compare reason . ) an intellectual fancy or conceit may be pleasing or amusing , but is never worth serious discussion ; we speak of a mere fancy , a droll or odd conceit .
an emotional or personal fancy is a capricious liking formed with slight reason and no exercise of judgment , and liable to fade as lightly as it was formed .
in a broader sense , the fancy signifies the faculty by which fancies or mental images are formed , associated , or combined .
compare synonyms for dream ; idea ; imagination .
antonyms :
actuality , certainty , fact , reality , truth , verity .
prepositions :
to have a fancy for or take a fancy to a person or thing .
* * * * *
farewell .
synonyms :
adieu , good - by , parting salutation , valedictory .
conge , leave - taking , valediction ,
good - by is the homely and hearty , farewell the formal english word at parting .
adieu , from the french , is still more ceremonious than farewell ; conge , also from the french , is commonly contemptuous or supercilious , and equivalent to dismissal .
valediction is a learned word never in popular use .
a valedictory is a public farewell to a company or assembly .
prepositions :
i bade farewell to my comrades , or ( without preposition ) i bade my comrades farewell ; i took a sad farewell of my friends .
* * * * *
fear .
synonyms :
affright , dismay , horror , timidity , apprehension , disquietude , misgiving , trembling , awe , dread , panic , tremor , consternation , fright , terror , trepidation .
fear is the generic term denoting an emotion excited by threatening evil with a desire to avoid or escape it ; fear may be sudden or lingering , in view of present , of imminent , or of distant and only possible danger ; in the latter
sense dread is oftener used .
horror ( etymologically a shivering or shuddering ) denotes a shuddering fear accompanied with abhorrence or such a shock to the feelings and sensibilities as may exist without fear , as when one suddenly encounters some ghastly spectacle ; we say of a desperate but fettered criminal
, " i looked upon him with horror . " where horror includes fear , it is fear mingled with abhorrence .
( see abhor . ) affright , fright , and terror are always sudden , and in actual presence of that which is terrible .
fear may overwhelm , or may nerve one to desperate defense ; fright and terror render one incapable of defense ; fear may be controlled by force of will ; fright and terror overwhelm the will ; terror paralyzes , fright may cause one to fly ,
to scream , or to swoon .
fright is largely a matter of the nerves ; fear of the intellect and the imagination ; terror of all the faculties , bodily and mental .
panic is a sudden fear or fright , affecting numbers at once ; vast armies or crowded audiences are liable to panic upon slight occasion .
in a like sense we speak of a financial panic .
dismay is a helpless sinking of heart in view of some overwhelming peril or sorrow .
dismay is more reflective , enduring , and despairing than fright ; a horse is subject to fright or terror , but not to dismay .
awe is a reverential fear .
compare alarm .
antonyms :
see synonyms for fortitude .
* * * * *
feminine .
synonyms :
effeminate , female , womanish , womanly .
we apply female to the sex , feminine to the qualities , especially the finer physical or mental qualities that distinguish the female sex in the human family , or to the objects appropriate for or especially employed by them .
a female voice is the voice of a woman ; a feminine voice may belong to a man .
womanish denotes the undesirable , womanly the admirable or lovely qualities of woman .
womanly tears would suggest respect and sympathy , womanish tears a touch of contempt .
the word effeminate is always used reproachfully , and only of men as possessing womanly traits such as are inconsistent with true manliness .
antonyms :
see synonyms for masculine .
* * * * *
fetter .
synonyms :
bondage , custody , gyves , irons , bonds , durance , handcuffs , manacles , chains , duress , imprisonment , shackles .
bonds may be of cord , leather , or any other substance that can bind ; chains are of linked metal .
manacles and handcuffs are for the hands , fetters are primarily chains or jointed iron fastenings for the feet ; gyves may be for either .
a shackle is a metallic ring , clasp , or bracelet - like fastening for encircling and restraining a limb : commonly one of a pair , used either for hands or feet .
bonds , fetters , and chains are used in a general way for almost any form of restraint .
gyves is now wholly poetic , and the other words are mostly restricted to the literary style ; handcuffs is the specific and irons the general term in popular usage ; as , the prisoner was put in irons .
bonds , chains , and shackles are frequently used in the metaphorical sense .
* * * * *
feud .
synonyms :
affray , brawl , contest , dissension , hostility , animosity , broil , controversy , enmity , quarrel , bitterness , contention , dispute , fray , strife .
a feud is enmity between families , clans , or parties , with acts of hostility mutually retaliated and avenged ; feud is rarely used of individuals , never of nations .
while all the other words of the group may refer to that which is transient , a feud is long - enduring , and often hereditary .
dissension is used of a number of persons , of a party or other organization .
bitterness is in feeling only ; enmity and hostility involve will and purpose to oppose or injure .
a quarrel is in word or act , or both , and is commonly slight and transient , as we speak of childish quarrels ; contention and strife may be in word or deed ; contest ordinarily involves some form of action .
contest is often used in a good sense , contention and strife very rarely so .
controversy is commonly in words ; strife extends from verbal controversy to the contests of armies .
affray , brawl , and broil , like quarrel , are words of inferior dignity .
an affray or broil may arise at a street corner ; the affray always involves physical force ; the brawl or broil may be confined to violent language .
* * * * *
fiction .
synonyms :
allegory , fabrication , invention , myth , romance , apologue , falsehood , legend , novel , story .
fable , figment ,
fiction is now chiefly used of a prose work in narrative form in which the characters are partly or wholly imaginary , and which is designed to portray human life , with or without a practical lesson ; a romance portrays what is picturesque or striking ,
as a mere fiction may not do ; novel is a general name for any continuous fictitious narrative , especially a love - story ; fiction and novel are used with little difference of meaning , except that novel characterizes a work in which the emotional element
is especially prominent .
the moral of the fable is expressed formally ; the lesson of the fiction , if any , is inwrought .
a fiction is studied ; a myth grows up without intent .
a legend may be true , but can not be historically verified ; a myth has been received as true at some time , but is now known to be false .
a fabrication is designed to deceive ; it is a less odious word than falsehood , but is really stronger , as a falsehood may be a sudden unpremeditated statement , while a fabrication is a series of statements carefully studied and fitted together in order to
deceive ; the falsehood is all false ; the fabrication may mingle the true with the false .
a figment is something imaginary which the one who utters it may or may not believe to be true ; we say , " that statement is a figment of his imagination . " the story may be either true or false , and covers the various
senses of all the words in the group .
apologue , a word simply transferred from greek into english , is the same as fable .
compare allegory .
antonyms :
certainty , fact , history , literalness , reality , truth , verity .
* * * * *
fierce .
synonyms :
ferocious , furious , raging , uncultivated , violent , fiery , impetuous , savage , untrained , wild .
fierce signifies having a furious and cruel nature , or being in a furious and cruel mood , more commonly the latter .
it applies to that which is now intensely excited , or liable to intense and sudden excitement .
ferocious refers to a state or disposition ; that which is fierce flashes or blazes ; that which is ferocious steadily burns ; we speak of a ferocious animal , a fierce passion .
a fiery spirit with a good disposition is quickly excitable in a good cause , but may not be fierce or ferocious .
savage signifies untrained , uncultivated .
ferocious always denotes a tendency to violence ; it is more distinctly bloodthirsty than the other words ; a person may be deeply , intensely cruel , and not at all ferocious ; a ferocious countenance expresses habitual ferocity ; a fierce countenance may express habitual fierceness
, or only the sudden anger of the moment .
that which is wild is simply unrestrained ; the word may imply no anger or harshness ; as , wild delight , wild alarm .
antonyms :
affectionate , gentle , kind , patient , submissive , tame , docile , harmless , mild , peaceful , sweet , tender .
* * * * *
financial .
synonyms :
fiscal , monetary , pecuniary .
these words all relate to money , receipts , or expenditures .
monetary relates to actual money , coin , currency ; as , the monetary system ; a monetary transaction is one in which money is transferred .
pecuniary refers to that in which money is involved , but less directly ; we speak of one's pecuniary affairs or interests , with no special reference to the handling of cash .
financial applies especially to governmental revenues or expenditures , or to private transactions of considerable moment ; we speak of a pecuniary reward , a financial enterprise ; we give a needy person pecuniary ( not financial ) assistance .
it is common to speak of the fiscal rather than the financial year .
* * * * *
fine .
synonyms :
beautiful , excellent , polished , small , clarified , exquisite , pure , smooth , clear , gauzy , refined , splendid , comminuted , handsome , sensitive , subtile , dainty , keen , sharp , subtle , delicate , minute , slender , tenuous
, elegant , nice , slight , thin .
fine ( l .
finis , end ) denotes that which has been brought to a full end , finished .
from this root - sense many derived meanings branch out , causing words quite remote from each other to be alike synonyms of fine .
that which is truly finished , brought to an ideal end , is excellent of its kind , and beautiful , if a thing that admits of beauty ; as , a fine house , fine trees , a fine woman , a fine morning ; if
a thing that admits of the removal of impurities , it is not finished till these are removed , and hence fine signifies clarified , clear , pure , refined ; as , fine gold .
that which is finished is apt to be polished , smooth to the touch , minutely exact in outline ; hence fine comes to be a synonym for all words like dainty , delicate , exquisite ; as , fine manners , a fine touch , fine
perceptions .
as that which is delicate is apt to be small , by an easy extension of meaning fine becomes a synonym for slender , slight , minute , comminuted ; as , a fine thread , fine sand ; or for filmy , tenuous , thin ;
as , a fine lace , fine wire ; and as a thin edge is keen , sharp , fine becomes also a synonym for these words ; as , a fine point , a fine edge .
compare beautiful ; minute .
antonyms :
big , clumsy , great , huge , large , stout , blunt , coarse , heavy , immense , rude , thick .
* * * * *
fire .
synonyms :
blaze , burning , combustion , conflagration , flame .
combustion is the essential fact which is at the basis of that assemblage of visible phenomenon which we call fire ; combustion being the continuous chemical combination of a substance with some element , as oxygen , evolving heat , and extending from slow processes , such
as those by which the heat of the human body is maintained , to the processes producing the most intense light also , as in a blast - furnace , or on the surface of the sun .
fire is always attended with light , as well as heat ; blaze , flame , etc . , designate the mingled light and heat of a fire .
combustion is the scientific , fire the popular term .
a conflagration is an extensive fire .
compare light .
* * * * *
flock .
synonyms :
bevy , covey , group , herd , lot , set , brood , drove , hatch , litter , pack , swarm .
group is the general word for any gathering of a small number of objects , whether of persons , animals , or inanimate things .
the individuals in a brood or litter are related to each other ; those in the other groups may not be .
brood is used chiefly of fowls and birds , litter of certain quadrupeds which bring forth many young at a birth ; we speak of a brood of chickens , a litter of puppies ; brood is sometimes applied to a family of young children .
bevy is used of birds , and figuratively of any bright and lively group of women or children , but rarely of men .
flock is applied to birds and to some of the smaller animals ; herd is confined to the larger animals ; we speak of a bevy of quail , a covey of partridges , a flock of blackbirds , or a flock of sheep , a herd
of cattle , horses , buffaloes , or elephants , a pack of wolves , a pack of hounds , a swarm of bees .
a collection of animals driven or gathered for driving is called a drove .
* * * * *
fluctuate .
synonyms :
hesitate , swerve , vacillate , veer , oscillate , undulate , vary , waver .
to fluctuate ( l .
fluctus , a wave ) is to move like a wave with alternate rise and fall .
a pendulum oscillates ; waves fluctuate or undulate ; a light or a flame wavers ; a frightened steed swerves from his course ; a tool or weapon swerves from the mark or line ; the temperature varies ; the wind veers when it suddenly changes its
direction .
that which veers may steadily hold the new direction ; that which oscillates , fluctuates , undulates , or wavers returns upon its way .
as regards mental states , he who hesitates sticks ( l .
haerere ) on the verge of decision ; he who wavers does not stick to a decision ; he who vacillates decides now one way , and now another ; one vacillates between contrasted decisions or actions ; he may waver between decision and indecision , or
between action and inaction .
persons hesitate , vacillate , waver ; feelings fluctuate or vary .
compare shake .
antonyms :
abide , adhere , hold fast , persist , stand fast , stay , stick .
* * * * *
fluid .
synonyms :
gas , liquid .
a fluid is a substance that , like air or water , yields to any force that tends to change its form ; a liquid is a body in that state in which the particles move freely among themselves , but remain in one mass , keeping
the same volume , but taking always the form of the containing vessel ; a liquid is an inelastic fluid ; a gas is an elastic fluid that tends to expand to the utmost limits of the containing space .
all liquids are fluids , but not all fluids are liquids ; air and all the gases are fluids , but they are not liquids under ordinary circumstances , tho capable of being reduced to a liquid form by special means , as by cold and pressure
.
water at the ordinary temperature is at once a fluid and a liquid .
* * * * *
follow .
synonyms :
accompany , come after , go after , obey , pursue , attend , copy , heed , observe , result , chase , ensue , imitate , practise , succeed .
anything that comes after or goes after another , either in space or in time , is said to follow it .
a servant follows or attends his master ; a victorious general may follow the retiring enemy merely to watch and hold him in check ; he chases or pursues with intent to overtake and attack ; the chase is closer and hotter than the pursuit .
( compare synonyms for hunt . ) one event may follow another either with or without special connection ; if it ensues , there is some orderly connection ; as , the ensuing year ; if it results from another , there is some relation of effect
, consequence , or inference .
a clerk observes his employer's directions .
a child obeys his parent's commands , follows or copies his example , imitates his speech and manners .
the compositor follows copy ; the incoming succeeds the outgoing official .
* * * * *
food .
synonyms :
aliment , feed , nourishment , pabulum , sustenance , diet , fodder , nutriment , provender , viands , fare , forage , nutrition , regimen , victuals .
food is , in the popular sense , whatever one eats in contradistinction to what one drinks .
thus , we speak of food and drink , of wholesome , unwholesome , or indigestible food ; but in a more scientific sense whatever , when taken into the digestive organs , serves to build up structure or supply waste may be termed food ; the
word is extended to plants to signify whatever taken in any way into the organism serves similar purposes ; thus , we speak of liquid food , plant food , etc . ; in this wider sense food is closely synonymous with nutriment , nourishment , and
sustenance .
diet refers to the quantity and quality of food habitually taken , with reference to preservation of health .
victuals is a plain , homely word for whatever may be eaten ; we speak of choice viands , cold victuals .
nourishment and sustenance apply to whatever can be introduced into the system as a means of sustaining life ; we say of a convalescent , he is taking nourishment .
nutriment and nutrition have more of scientific reference to the vitalizing principles of various foods ; thus , wheat is said to contain a great amount of nutriment .
regimen considers food as taken by strict rule , but applies more widely to the whole ordering of life .
fare is a general word for all table supplies , good or bad ; as , sumptuous fare ; wretched fare .
feed , fodder , and provender are used only of the food of the lower animals , feed denoting anything consumed , but more commonly grain , fodder denoting hay , cornstalks , or the like , sometimes called " long feed ; " provender is dry
feed , whether grain or hay , straw , etc .
forage denotes any kind of food suitable for horses and cattle , primarily as obtained by a military force in scouring the country , especially an enemy's country .
* * * * *
formidable .
synonyms :
dangerous , redoubted , terrible , tremendous .
that which is formidable is worthy of fear if encountered or opposed ; as , a formidable array of troops , or of evidence .
formidable is a word of more dignity than dangerous , and suggests more calm and collected power than terrible ; formidable is less overwhelming than tremendous .
a loaded gun is dangerous ; a park of artillery is formidable ; a charge of cavalry is terrible ; the full shock of great armies is tremendous .
a dangerous man is likely to do mischief , and needs watching ; a formidable man may not be dangerous if not attacked ; an enraged maniac is terrible ; the force of ocean waves in a storm , and the silent pressure in the ocean depths
, are tremendous .
antonyms :
contemptible , feeble , harmless , helpless , powerless , weak .
despicable ,
prepositions :
formidable by or in numbers ; in strength ; formidable to the enemy .
* * * * *
fortification .
synonyms :
castle , citadel , fastness , fort , fortress , stronghold .
fortification is the general word for any artificial defensive work ; a fortress is a fortification of especial size and strength ; a fortress is regarded as permanent , and is ordinarily an independent work ; a fort or fortification may be temporary ; a fortification may
be but part of a defensive system ; we speak of the fortifications of a city .
a citadel is a fortification within a city , or the fortified inner part of a city or fortress , within which a garrison may be placed to overawe the citizens , or to which the defenders may retire if the outer works are captured ; the
medieval castle was the fortified residence of a king or baron .
fort is the common military term for a detached fortified building or enclosure of moderate size occupied or designed to be occupied by troops .
the fortifications of a modern city usually consist of a chain of forts .
any defensible place , whether made so by nature or by art , is a fastness or stronghold .
* * * * *
fortitude .
synonyms :
courage , endurance , heroism , resolution .
fortitude ( l .
fortis , strong ) is the strength or firmness of mind or soul to endure pain or adversity patiently and determinedly .
fortitude has been defined as " passive courage , " which is a good definition , but not complete .
fortitude might be termed " still courage , " or " enduring courage ; " it is that quality which is able not merely to endure pain or trial , but steadily to confront dangers that can not be actively opposed , or against which one has
no adequate defense ; it takes courage to charge a battery , fortitude to stand still under an enemy's fire .
resolution is of the mind ; endurance is partly physical ; it requires resolution to resist temptation , endurance to resist hunger and cold .
compare brave ; patience .
* * * * *
fortunate .
synonyms :
favored , lucky , prospered , prosperous , successful .
happy ,
a man is successful in any case if he achieves or gains what he seeks ; he is known as a successful man if he has achieved or gained worthy objects of endeavor ; he is fortunate or lucky if advantages have come to him without or
beyond his direct planning or achieving .
lucky is the more common and colloquial , fortunate the more elegant word ; fortunate is more naturally applied to the graver matters , as we speak of the fortunate , rather than the lucky , issue of a great battle ; lucky more strongly emphasizes the
element of chance , as when we speak of a lucky hit , a lucky guess , or of one as " born under a lucky star . " favored is used in a religious sense , implying that one is the object of divine favor .
happy , in this connection , signifies possessed of the means of happiness .
one is said to be happy or prosperous whether his prosperity be the result of fortune or of achievement ; prospered rather denotes the action of a superintending providence .
antonyms :
broken , fallen , miserable , unhappy , woful , crushed , ill - starred , unfortunate , unlucky , wretched .
* * * * *
fraud .
synonyms :
artifice , deceit , duplicity , swindle , treason , cheat , deception , imposition , swindling , trick .
cheating , dishonesty , imposture , treachery ,
a fraud is an act of deliberate deception with the design of securing something by taking unfair advantage of another .
a deceit or deception may be designed merely to gain some end of one's own , with no intent of harming another ; an imposition , to take some small advantage of another , or simply to make another ridiculous .
an imposture is designed to obtain money , credit , or position to which one is not entitled , and may be practised by a street beggar or by the pretender to a throne .
all action that is not honest is dishonesty , but the term dishonesty is generally applied in business , politics , etc . , to deceitful practises which are not directly criminal .
fraud includes deceit , but deceit may not reach the gravity of fraud ; a cheat is of the nature of fraud , but of a petty sort ; a swindle is more serious than a cheat , involving larger values and more flagrant dishonesty .
fraud is commonly actionable at law ; cheating and swindling are for the most part out of the reach of legal proceedings .
treachery is chiefly used of dishonesty in matters of friendship , social relations , government , or war ; treachery may be more harmful than fraud , but is not so gross , and is not ordinarily open to legal redress .
treason is a specific form of treachery of a subject to the government to which he owes allegiance , and is definable and punishable at law .
compare artifice ; deception .
antonyms :
fairness , good faith , honesty , integrity , truth , uprightness .
* * * * *
friendly .
synonyms :
accessible , companionable , genial , neighborly , affable , complaisant , hearty , sociable , affectionate , cordial , kind , social , amicable , favorable , kindly , tender , brotherly , fond , loving , well - disposed .
friendly , as said of persons , signifies having the disposition of a friend ; as said of acts , it signifies befitting or worthy of a friend .
the adjective friendly does not reach the full significance of the nouns " friend " and " friendship ; " one may be friendly to those who are not his friends , and to be in friendly relations often signifies little more than not to be hostile
.
in its application to persons , accessible is used of public and eminent persons , who might , if disposed , hold themselves at a distance from others .
companionable and sociable refer to manner and behavior , cordial and genial express genuine kindliness of heart .
we speak of a cordial greeting , a favorable reception , a neighborly call , a sociable visitor , an amicable settlement , a kind interest , a friendly regard , a hearty welcome .
the saxon friendly is stronger than the latin amicable ; the amicable may be merely formal ; the friendly is from the heart .
fond is commonly applied to an affection that becomes , or at least appears , excessive .
affectionate , devoted , and tender are almost always used in a high and good sense ; as , an affectionate son ; a devoted friend ; " the tender mercy of our god , " luke i , 78 .
compare friendship .
antonyms :
adverse , belligerent , distant , ill - disposed , unfriendly , alienated , cold , estranged , indifferent , unkind , antagonistic , contentious , frigid , inimical , warlike .
bellicose , disaffected , hostile ,
* * * * *
friendship .
synonyms :
affection , comity , esteem , good will , amity , consideration , favor , love , attachment , devotion , friendliness , regard .
friendship is a deep , quiet , enduring affection , founded upon mutual respect and esteem .
friendship is always mutual ; there may be unreciprocated affection or attachment , unrequited love , or even unrecognized and unappreciated devotion , but never unreciprocated or unrequited friendship ; one may have friendly feelings toward an enemy , but while there is hostility or coldness on
one side there can not be friendship between the two .
friendliness is a quality of friendly feeling , without the deep and settled attachment implied in the state of friendship .
comity is mutual kindly courtesy , with care of each other's right , and amity a friendly feeling and relation , not necessarily implying special friendliness ; as , the comity of nations , or amity between neighboring countries .
affection may be purely natural ; friendship is a growth .
friendship is more intellectual and less emotional than love ; it is easier to give reasons for friendship than for love ; friendship is more calm and quiet , love more fervent ; love often rises to intensest passion ; we can not speak of the passion
of friendship .
friendship implies some degree of equality , while love does not ; we can speak of man's love toward god , not of his friendship for god .
( there is more latitude in the use of the concrete noun friend ; abraham was called " the friend of god ; " christ was called " the friend of sinners . " ) compare acquaintance ; love .
antonyms :
see synonyms for battle ; enmity ; feud ; hatred .
prepositions :
the friendship of one person for or toward another , or the friendship between them .
* * * * *
frighten .
synonyms :
affright , appal , cow , dismay , scare , alarm , browbeat , daunt , intimidate , terrify .
one is frightened by a cause of fear addressed directly and suddenly to the senses ; he is intimidated by an apprehension of contingent consequences dependent on some act of his own to be done or forborne ; the means of intimidation may act through the senses
, or may appeal only to the intellect or the sensibilities .
the sudden rush of an armed madman may frighten ; the quiet leveling of a highwayman's pistol intimidates .
a savage beast is intimidated by the keeper's whip .
employers may intimidate their employees from voting contrary to their will by threat of discharge ; a mother may be intimidated through fear for her child .
to browbeat or cow is to bring into a state of submissive fear ; to daunt is to give pause or check to a violent , threatening , or even a brave spirit .
to scare is to cause sudden , unnerving fear ; to terrify is to awaken fear that is overwhelming .
compare alarm .
* * * * *
frugality .
synonyms :
economy , parsimony , saving , sparing , miserliness , providence , scrimping , thrift .
parsimoniousness , prudence ,
economy is a wise and careful administration of the means at one's disposal ; frugality is a withholding of expenditure , or sparing of supplies or provision , to a noticeable and often to a painful degree ; parsimony is excessive and unreasonable saving for the sake
of saving .
frugality exalted into a virtue to be practised for its own sake , instead of as a means to an end , becomes the vice of parsimony .
miserliness is the denying oneself and others the ordinary comforts or even necessaries of life , for the mere sake of hoarding money .
prudence and providence look far ahead , and sacrifice the present to the future , saving as much as may be necessary for that end .
( see prudence . ) thrift seeks not merely to save , but to earn .
economy manages , frugality saves , providence plans , thrift at once earns and saves , with a view to wholesome and profitable expenditure at a fitting time .
see abstinence .
antonyms :
abundance , bounty , liberality , opulence , waste , affluence , extravagance , luxury , riches , wealth .
* * * * *
garrulous .
synonyms :
chattering , loquacious , talkative , verbose .
garrulous signifies given to constant trivial talking .
chattering signifies uttering rapid , noisy , and unintelligible , or scarcely intelligible , sounds , whether articulate words or such as resemble them ; chattering is often used of vocal sounds that may be intelligible by themselves but are ill understood owing to confusion of many
voices or other cause .
the talkative person has a strong disposition to talk , with or without an abundance of words , or many ideas ; the loquacious person has an abundant flow of language and much to say on any subject suggested ; either may be lively and for a
time entertaining ; the garrulous person is tedious , repetitious , petty , and self - absorbed .
verbose is applied to utterances more formal than conversation , as to writings or public addresses .
we speak of a chattering monkey or a chattering idiot , a talkative child , a talkative or loquacious woman , a garrulous old man , a verbose writer .
compare circumlocution .
antonyms :
laconic , reserved , reticent , silent , speechless , taciturn .
* * * * *
gender .
synonym :
sex .
sex is a distinction among living beings ; it is also the characteristic by which most living beings are distinguished from inanimate things , which are of no sex ; gender is a distinction in language partially corresponding to this distinction in nature ; while there are
but two sexes , there are in some languages , as in english and german , three genders .
the french language has but two genders and makes the names of all inanimate objects either masculine or feminine ; some languages are without the distinction of gender , and those that maintain it are often quite arbitrary in its application .
we speak of the masculine or feminine gender , the male or female sex .
* * * * *
general .
synonyms :
common , familiar , ordinary , universal , commonplace , frequent , popular , usual .
customary , habitual , prevalent , everyday , normal , public ,
common signifies frequently occurring , not out of the regular course , not exceptional ; hence , not above the average , not excellent or distinguished , inferior , or even low ; common also signifies pertaining to or participated in by two or more persons or
things ; as , sorrow is common to the race .
general may signify pertaining equally to all of a class , race , etc . , but very commonly signifies pertaining to the greater number , but not necessarily to all .
universal applies to all without exception ; general applies to all with possible or comparatively slight exceptions ; common applies to very many without deciding whether they are even a majority .
a common remark is one we often hear ; a general experience is one that comes to the majority of people ; a universal experience is one from which no human being is exempt .
it is dangerous for a debater to affirm a universal proposition , since that can be negatived by a single exception , while a general statement is not invalidated even by adducing many exceptions .
we say a common opinion , common experience , a general rule , general truth , a universal law .
compare synonyms for normal ; usual .
antonyms :
exceptional , infrequent , rare , singular , uncommon , unknown , unusual .
* * * * *
generous .
synonyms :
bountiful , free , liberal , noble , chivalrous , free - handed , magnanimous , open - handed , disinterested , free - hearted , munificent , open - hearted .
generous ( l .
genus , a race ) primarily signifies having the qualities worthy of noble or honorable birth ; hence , free and abundant in giving , giving freely , heartily , and self - sacrificingly .
as regards giving , generous refers rather to the self - sacrificing heartiness of the giver , liberal to the amount of the gift ; a child may show himself generous in the gift of an apple , a millionaire makes a liberal donation ; a generous
gift , however , is commonly thought of as both ample and hearty .
a munificent gift is vast in amount , whatever the motive of its bestowal .
one may be free with another's money ; he can be generous only with his own .
disinterested suggests rather the thought of one's own self - denial ; generous , of one's hearty interest in another's welfare or happiness .
one is magnanimous by a greatness of soul ( l .
magnus , great , and animus , soul ) that rises above all that is poor , mean , or weak , especially above every petty or ignoble motive or feeling pertaining to one's self , and thus above resentment of injury or insult ; one is
generous by a kindness of heart that would rejoice in the welfare rather than in the punishment of the offender .
antonyms :
avaricious , greedy , mean , niggardly , penurious , rapacious , close , ignoble , miserly , parsimonious , petty , stingy .
covetous , illiberal ,
* * * * *
genius .
synonyms :
talent , talents .
genius is exalted intellectual power capable of operating independently of tuition and training , and marked by an extraordinary faculty for original creation , invention , discovery , expression , etc .
talent is marked mental ability , and in a special sense , a particular and uncommon aptitude for some special mental work or attainment .
genius is higher than talent , more spontaneous , less dependent upon instruction , less amenable to training ; talent is largely the capacity to learn , acquire , appropriate , adapt oneself to demand .
yet the genius that has won the largest and most enduring success has been joined with tireless industry and painstaking .
compare synonyms for mind ; power .
antonyms :
dulness , folly , imbecility , obtuseness , senselessness , stupidity .
* * * * *
get .
synonyms :
achieve , attain , gain , procure , secure , acquire , earn , obtain , receive , win .
get is a most comprehensive word .
a person gets whatever he comes to possess or experience , whether with or without endeavor , expectation , or desire ; he gets a bargain , a blow , a fall , a fever ; he gains what he comes to by effort or striving ;
the swimmer gains the shore ; a man acquires by continuous and ordinarily by slow process ; as , one acquires a foreign language .
a person is sometimes said to gain and often to acquire what has not been an object of direct endeavor ; in the pursuits of trade , he incidentally gains some knowledge of foreign countries ; he acquires by association with others a correct or incorrect accent
; he acquires a bronzed complexion by exposure to a tropical sun ; in such use , what he gains is viewed as desirable , what he acquires as slowly and gradually resulting .
a person earns what he gives an equivalent of labor for , tho he may not get it .
on the other hand , he may get what he has not earned ; the temptation to all dishonesty is the desire to get a living or a fortune without earning it .
when one gets the object of his desire , he is said to obtain it , whether he has gained or earned it or not .
win denotes contest , with a suggestion of chance or hazard ; in popular language , a person is often said to win a lawsuit , or to win in a suit at law , but in legal phrase he is said to gain his suit ,
case , or cause .
in receiving , one is strictly passive ; he may get an estate by his own exertions or by inheritance ; in the latter case he is said to receive it .
one obtains a thing commonly by some direct effort of his own ; he procures it commonly by the intervention of some one else ; he procures a dinner or an interview ; he secures what has seemed uncertain or elusive , when he gets it firmly
into his possession or under his control .
compare synonyms for attain ; make ; reach .
antonyms :
see synonyms for abandon .
* * * * *
gift .
synonyms :
benefaction , boon , bribe , grant , largess , bequest , bounty , donation , gratuity , present .
a gift is in the popular , and also in the legal sense that which is voluntarily bestowed without expectation of return or compensation .
gift is now almost always used in the good sense , bribe always in the evil sense to signify payment for a dishonorable service under the semblance of a gift .
in scriptural language gift is often used for bribe .
" the king by judgment establisheth the land ; but he that receiveth gifts overthroweth it . " prov .
xxix , 4 .
a benefaction is a charitable gift , generally of large amount , and viewed as of enduring value , as an endowment for a college .
a donation is something , perhaps of great , never of trivial value , given usually on some public ground , as to a cause or to a person representing a cause , but not necessarily of value beyond the immediate present ; as , a donation
to a pastor .
a gratuity is usually something of moderate value and is always given as to an inferior , and as of favor , not of right ; as , a gratuity to a waiter .
largess is archaic for a bountiful gratuity , usually to be distributed among many , as among the heralds at ancient tournaments .
a present is a gift of friendship , or conciliation , and given as to an equal or a superior ; no one's pride is hurt by accepting what is viewed as strictly a present .
a boon is a gift that has been desired or craved or perhaps asked , or something freely given that meets some great desire .
a grant is commonly considerable in amount and given by public authority ; as , a grant of public lands for a college .
antonyms :
compensation , earnings , guerdon , penalty , remuneration , wages .
* * * * *
give .
synonyms :
bestow , communicate , deliver , grant , supply .
cede , confer , furnish , impart ,
to give is primarily to transfer to another's possession or ownership without compensation ; in its secondary sense in popular use , it is to put into another's possession by any means and on any terms whatever ; a buyer may say " give me the goods
, and i will give you the money ; " we speak of giving answers , information , etc . , and often of giving what is not agreeable to the recipient , as blows , medicine , reproof ; but when there is nothing in the
context to indicate the contrary , give is always understood in its primary sense ; as , this book was given me .
give thus becomes , like get , a term of such general import as to be a synonym for a wide variety of words .
to grant is to put into one's possession in some formal way , or by authoritative act ; as , congress grants lands to a railroad corporation .
to speak of granting a favor carries a claim or concession of superiority on the part of the one by whom the grant may be made ; to confer has a similar sense ; as , to confer a degree or an honor ; we grant a
request or petition , but do not confer it .
to impart is to give of that which one still , to a greater or less degree , retains ; the teacher imparts instruction .
to bestow is to give that of which the receiver stands in especial need ; we bestow alms .
prepositions :
we give money to a person for a thing , for a purpose , etc .
( or without proposition , give a person a sum of money ) ; we give a thing to or into one's care or keeping ; the weary fugitive gave himself up to his pursuers .
* * * * *
govern .
synonyms :
command , curb , influence , mold , reign over , rule , control , direct , manage , reign , restrain , sway .
govern carries the idea of authoritative administration or some exercise of authority that is at once effective and continuous ; control is effective , but may be momentary or occasional .
one controls what he holds or can hold at will absolutely in check ; as , a skilful horseman controls a spirited horse ; a person controls his temper ; we say to one who is excited , " control yourself . " a person commands another
when he has , or claims , the right to make that other do his will , with power of inflicting penalty if not obeyed ; he controls another whom he can effectually prevent from doing anything contrary to his will ; he governs one whom he
actually does cause , regularly or constantly , to obey his will ; a parent may command a child whom he can not govern or control .
the best teachers are not greatly prone to command , but govern or control their pupils largely by other means .
command is , however , often used in the sense of securing , as well as requiring , submission or obedience , as when we speak of a commanding influence ; a man commands the situation when he can shape events as he pleases ; a fortress
commands the region when no enemy can pass against its resistance .
govern implies the exercise of knowledge and judgment as well as power .
to rule is more absolute and autocratic than to govern ; to sway is to move by quiet but effectual influence ; to mold is not only to influence feeling and action , but to shape character ; to manage is to secure by skilful contrivance the
doing of one's will by those whom one can not directly control ; a wise mother , by gentle means , sways the feelings and molds the lives of her children ; to be able to manage servants is an important element of good housekeeping .
the word reign , once so absolute , now simply denotes that one holds the official station of sovereign in a monarchy , with or without effective power ; the queen of england reigns ; the czar of russia both reigns and rules .
antonyms :
be in subjection , be subject , comply , obey , submit , yield .
* * * * *
graceful .
synonym :
beautiful .
that which is graceful is marked by elegance and harmony , with ease of action , attitude , or posture , or delicacy of form .
graceful commonly suggests motion or the possibility of motion ; beautiful may apply to absolute fixity ; a landscape or a blue sky is beautiful , but neither is graceful .
graceful commonly applies to beauty as addressed to the eye , tho we often speak of a graceful poem or a graceful compliment .
graceful applies to the perfection of motion , especially of the lighter motions , which convey no suggestion of stress or strain , and are in harmonious curves .
apart from the thought of motion , graceful denotes a pleasing harmony of outline , proportion , etc . , with a certain degree of delicacy ; a hercules is massive , an apollo is graceful .
we speak of a graceful attitude , graceful drapery .
compare beautiful ; becoming .
antonyms :
see synonyms for awkward .
* * * * *
grief .
synonyms :
affliction , melancholy , regret , sorrow , trouble , distress , mourning , sadness , tribulation , wo .
grief is acute mental pain resulting from loss , misfortune , or deep disappointment .
grief is more acute and less enduring than sorrow .
sorrow and grief are for definite cause ; sadness and melancholy may arise from a vague sense of want or loss , from a low state of health , or other ill - defined cause ; sadness may be momentary ; melancholy is more enduring , and
may become chronic .
affliction expresses a deep heart - sorrow and is applied also to the misfortune producing such sorrow ; mourning most frequently denotes sorrow publicly expressed , or the public expression of such sorrow as may reasonably be expected ; as , it is common to observe thirty
days of mourning on the death of an officer of state .
antonyms :
see synonyms for happiness .
prepositions :
grief at a loss ; for a friend .
* * * * *
habit .
synonyms :
custom , habitude , routine , system , use , fashion , practise , rule , usage , wont .
habit is a tendency or inclination toward an action or condition , which by repetition has become easy , spontaneous , or even unconscious , or an action or regular series of actions , or a condition so induced .
custom is the uniform doing of the same act in the same circumstance for a definite reason ; routine is the doing of customary acts in a regular and uniform sequence and is more mechanical than custom .
it is the custom of tradesmen to open at a uniform hour , and to follow a regular routine of business until closing - time .
habit always includes an involuntary tendency , natural or acquired , greatly strengthened by frequent repetition of the act , and may be uncontrollable , or even unconscious .
habitude is habitual relation or association .
custom is chiefly used of the action of many ; habit of the action of one ; we speak of the customs of society , the habits of an individual .
fashion is the generally recognized custom in the smaller matters , especially in dress .
a rule is prescribed either by some external authority or by one's own will ; as , it is the rule of the house ; or , i make it my invariable rule .
system is the coordination of many acts or things into a unity , and is more and better than routine .
use and usage denote the manner of using something ; we speak of one person's use of language , but of the usage of many ; a use or usage is almost always a habit .
practise is the active doing of something in a systematic way ; we do not speak of the practise , but of the habit of going to sleep ; we speak of a tradesman's custom , a lawyer's or a physician's practise .
educationally , practise is the voluntary and persistent attempt to make skill a habit ; as , practise in penmanship .
wont is blind and instinctive habit like that which attaches an animal to a locality : the word is now almost wholly poetic .
compare dress .
* * * * *
happen .
synonyms :
bechance , chance , fall out , supervene , befall , come to pass , occur , take place .
betide , fall ,
a thing is said to happen when no design is manifest , or none especially thought of ; it is said to chance when it appears to be the result of accident ( compare synonyms for accident ) .
an incident happens or occurs ; something external or actual happens to one ; a thought or fancy occurs to him .
befall and betide are transitive ; happen is intransitive ; something befalls or betides a person or happens to him .
betide is especially used for anticipated evil , thought of as waiting and coming at its appointed time ; as , wo betide him !
one event supervenes upon another event , one disease upon another , etc .
[ " transpire , " in the sense of happen , is not authorized by good usage : a thing that has happened is properly said to transpire when it becomes known . ]
prepositions :
an event happens to a person ; a person happens on or upon a fact , discovery , etc .
* * * * *
happiness .
synonyms :
blessedness , delight , gladness , pleasure , bliss , ecstasy , gratification , rapture , cheer , enjoyment , joy , rejoicing , comfort , felicity , merriment , satisfaction , contentment , gaiety , mirth , triumph .
gratification is the giving any mental or physical desire something that it craves ; satisfaction is the giving such a desire all that it craves .
happiness is the positively agreeable experience that springs from the possession of good , the gratification or satisfaction of the desires or the relief from pain and evil .
comfort may be almost wholly negative , being found in security or relief from that which pains or annoys ; there is comfort by a warm fireside on a wintry night ; the sympathy of a true friend affords comfort in sorrow .
enjoyment is more positive , always implying something to be definitely and consciously delighted in ; a sick person finds comfort in relief from pain , while he may be far from a state of enjoyment .
pleasure is still more vivid , being an arousing of the faculties to an intensely agreeable activity ; satisfaction is more tranquil than pleasure , being the agreeable consciousness of having all that our faculties demand or crave ; when a worthy pleasure is past , a
worthy satisfaction remains .
as referring to a mental state , gratification is used to denote a mild form of happiness resulting from some incident not of very great importance ; satisfaction should properly express a happiness deeper , more complete , and more abiding ; but as intellect or sensibilities
of a low order may find satisfaction in that which is very poor or unworthy , the word has come to be feeble and tame in ordinary use .
happiness is more positive than comfort , enjoyment , or satisfaction , more serene and rational than pleasure ; pleasure is of necessity transient ; happiness is abiding , and may be eternal ; thus , we speak of pleasures , but the plural of happiness is
scarcely used .
happiness , in the full sense , is mental or spiritual or both , and is viewed as resulting from some worthy gratification or satisfaction ; we may speak of a brute as experiencing comfort or pleasure , but scarcely as in possession of happiness ; we
speak of vicious pleasure , delight , or joy , but not of vicious happiness .
felicity is a philosophical term , colder and more formal than happiness .
gladness is happiness that overflows , expressing itself in countenance , voice , manner , and action .
joy is more intense than happiness , deeper than gladness , to which it is akin , nobler and more enduring than pleasure .
gaiety is more superficial than joy , more demonstrative than gladness .
rejoicing is happiness or joy that finds utterance in word , song , festivity , etc .
delight is vivid , overflowing happiness of a somewhat transient kind ; ecstasy is a state of extreme or extravagant delight so that the one affected by it seems almost beside himself with joy ; rapture is closely allied to ecstasy , but is more serene ,
exalted , and enduring .
triumph is such joy as results from victory , success , achievement .
blessedness is at once the state and the sense of being divinely blessed ; as , the blessedness of the righteous .
bliss is ecstatic , perfected happiness ; as , the bliss of heaven .
compare comfort .
antonyms :
see synonyms for grief .
* * * * *
happy .
synonyms :
blessed , cheering , gay , lucky , rejoiced , blissful , cheery , glad , merry , rejoicing , blithe , delighted , jocund , mirthful , smiling , blithesome , delightful , jolly , pleased , sprightly , bright , dexterous , joyful , prosperous
, successful , buoyant , felicitous , joyous , rapturous , sunny .
cheerful , fortunate ,
happy primarily refers to something that comes " by good hap , " a chance that brings prosperity , benefit , or success .
and grasps the skirts of happy chance .
tennyson in memoriam lxiii , st .
2 .
in this sense happy is closely allied to fortunate and lucky .
( see fortunate . ) happy has , however , so far diverged from this original sense as to apply to advantages where chance is not recognized , or is even excluded by direct reference to the divine will , when it becomes almost equivalent to blessed
.
behold , happy is the man whom god correcteth .
job v , 17 .
happy is also applied to the ready dexterity or skill by which favorable results ( usually in minor matters ) are secured , when it becomes a synonym for dexterous , felicitous , and the associated words ; as , he has a happy wit ; happy
at retort ( compare clever ) .
in its most frequent present use , happy is applied to the state of one enjoying happiness , or to that by which happiness is expressed ; as , a happy heart ; a happy face ; happy laughter ; happy tears ( compare synonyms for happiness
) .
cheerful applies to the possession or expression of a moderate and tranquil happiness .
a cheery word spontaneously gives cheer to others ; a cheering word is more distinctly planned to cheer and encourage .
gay applies to an effusive and superficial happiness ( often not really worthy of that name ) perhaps resulting largely from abundant animal spirits : we speak of gay revelers or a gay horse .
a buoyant spirit is , as it were , borne up by joy and hope .
a sunny disposition has a constant tranquil brightness that irradiates all who come within its influence .
antonyms :
compare synonyms for grief .
prepositions :
a happy event for him ; happy at a reply ; happy in his home , with his friends , among his children ; happy at the discovery , over his success .
* * * * *
harmony .
synonyms :
accord , concurrence , consistency , uniformity , accordance , conformity , consonance , union , agreement , congruity , symmetry , unison , amity , consent , unanimity , unity .
concord ,
when tones , thoughts , or feelings , individually different , combine to form a consistent and pleasing whole , there is harmony .
harmony is deeper and more essential than agreement ; we may have a superficial , forced , or patched - up agreement , but never a superficial , forced , or patched - up harmony .
concord is less full and spiritual than harmony .
concord implies more volition than accord ; as , their views were found to be in perfect accord ; or , by conference concord was secured ; we do not secure accord , but discover it .
we may speak of being in accord with a person on one point , but harmony is wider in range .
conformity is correspondence in form , manner , or use ; the word often signifies submission to authority or necessity , and may be as far as possible from harmony ; as , the attempt to secure conformity to an established religion .
congruity involves the element of suitableness ; consistency implies the absence of conflict or contradiction in views , statements , or acts which are brought into comparison , as in the different statements of the same person or the different periods of one man's life ; unanimity
is the complete hearty agreement of many ; consent and concurrence refer to decision or action , but consent is more passive than concurrence ; one speaks by general consent when no one in the assembly cares to make formal objection ; a decision of the supreme
court depends upon the concurrence of a majority of the judges .
compare agree ; friendship ; melody .
antonyms :
antagonism , contest , discord , hostility , schism , battle , controversy , disproportion , incongruity , separation , conflict , difference , dissension , inconsistency , variance , contention , disagreement , disunion , opposition , warfare .
* * * * *
harvest .
synonyms :
crop , harvest - home , ingathering , result , fruit , harvesting , proceeds , return , growth , harvest - tide , produce , yield .
harvest - feast , harvest - time , product , harvest - festival , increase , reaping ,
harvest , from the anglo - saxon , signified originally " autumn , " and as that is the usual season of gathering ripened crops in northern lands , the word came to its present meaning of the season of gathering ripened grain or fruits , whether
summer or autumn , and hence a crop gathered or ready for gathering ; also , the act or process of gathering a crop or crops .
" the harvest truly is great , but the laborers are few , " luke x , 2 .
" lift up your eyes and look on the fields , for they are white already to harvest , " john iv , 35 .
harvest is the elegant and literary word ; crop is the common and commercial expression ; we say a man sells his crop , but we should not speak of his selling his harvest ; we speak of an ample or abundant harvest , a good crop
.
harvest is applied almost wholly to grain ; crop applies to almost anything that is gathered in ; we speak of the potato - crop , not the potato - harvest ; we may say either the wheat - crop or the wheat - harvest .
produce is a collective word for all that is produced in farming or gardening , and is , in modern usage , almost wholly restricted to this sense ; we speak of produce collectively , but of a product or various products ; vegetables , fruits ,
eggs , butter , etc . , may be termed farm - produce , or the products of the farm .
product is a word of wider application than produce ; we speak of the products of manufacturing , the products of thought , or the product obtained by multiplying one number by another .
the word proceeds is chiefly used of the return from an investment : we speak of the produce of a farm , but of the proceeds of the money invested in farming .
the yield is what the land gives up to the farmer's demand ; we speak of the return from an expenditure of money or labor , but of the yield of corn or oats .
harvest has also a figurative use , such as crop more rarely permits ; we term a religious revival a harvest of souls ; the result of lax enforcement of law is a harvest of crime .
as regards time , harvest , harvest - tide , and harvest - time alike denote the period or season when the crops are or should be gathered ( tide being simply the old saxon word for time ) .
harvest - home ordinarily denotes the festival of harvest , and when used to denote simply the season always gives a suggestion of festivity and rejoicing , such as harvest and harvest - time by themselves do not express .
* * * * *
hatred .
synonyms :
abhorrence , detestation , hostility , rancor , anger , dislike , ill will , repugnance , animosity , enmity , malevolence , resentment , antipathy , grudge , malice , revenge , aversion , hate , malignity , spite .
repugnance applies to that which one feels himself summoned or impelled to do or to endure , and from which he instinctively draws back .
aversion is the turning away of the mind or feelings from some person or thing , or from some course of action , etc .
hate , or hatred , as applied to persons , is intense and continued aversion , usually with disposition to injure ; anger is sudden and brief , hatred is lingering and enduring ; " her wrath became a hate , " tennyson pelleas and ettarre st
.
16 .
as applied to things , hatred is intense aversion , with desire to destroy or remove ; hatred of evil is a righteous passion , akin to abhorrence , but more vehement .
malice involves the active intent to injure ; in the legal sense , malice is the intent to injure , even tho with no personal ill will ; as , a highwayman would be said to entertain malice toward the unknown traveler whom he attacks .
malice is direct , pressing toward a result ; malignity is deep , lingering , and venomous , tho often impotent to act ; rancor ( akin to rancid ) is cherished malignity that has soured and festered and is virulent and implacable .
spite is petty malice that delights to inflict stinging pain ; grudge is deeper than spite ; it is sinister and bitter ; grudge , resentment , and revenge are all retaliatory , grudge being the disposition , revenge the determination to repay real or supposed offense
with injury ; revenge may denote also the retaliatory act ; resentment , the best word of the three , always holds itself to be justifiable , but looks less certainly to action than grudge or revenge .
simple goodness may arouse the hatred of the wicked ; they will be moved to revenge only by what they deem an injury or affront .
compare abomination ; anger ; antipathy ; enmity .
antonyms :
see synonyms for friendship ; love .
* * * * *
have .
synonyms :
be in possession of , hold , occupy , own , possess .
be possessed of ,
have is the most general word , and is applied to whatever belongs to or is connected with one ; a man has a head or a head - ache , a fortune or an opinion , a friend or an enemy ; he has time ,
or has need ; he may be said to have what is his own , what he has borrowed , what has been entrusted to him , or what he has stolen .
to possess a thing is to have the ownership with control and enjoyment of it .
to hold is to have in one's hand , or securely in one's control ; a man holds his friend's coat for a moment , or he holds a struggling horse ; he holds a promissory note , or holds an office .
to own is to have the right of property in ; to possess is to have that right in actual exercise ; to occupy is to have possession and use , with some degree of permanency , with or without ownership .
a man occupies his own house or a room in a hotel ; a man may own a farm of which he is not in possession because a tenant occupies it and is determined to hold it ; the proprietor owns the property , but the tenant
is in possession .
to be in possession differs from possess in that to possess denotes both right and fact , while to be in possession denotes simply the fact with no affirmation as to the right .
to have reason is to be endowed with the faculty ; to be in possession of one's reason denotes that the faculty is in actual present exercise .
* * * * *
hazard .
synonyms :
accident , chance , danger , jeopardy , risk , casualty , contingency , fortuity , peril , venture .
hazard is the incurring the possibility of loss or harm for the possibility of benefit ; danger may have no compensating alternative .
in hazard the possibilities of gain or loss are nearly balanced ; in risk the possibility of loss is the chief thought ; the foolhardy take great risks in mere wantonness ; in chance and venture the hope of good predominates ; we speak of a merchant's
venture , but of an insurance company's risk ; one may be driven by circumstances to run a risk ; he freely seeks a venture ; we speak of the chance of winning , the hazard or risk of losing .
accidents are incalculable ; casualties may be to a certain extent anticipated ; death and wounds are casualties of battle , certain to happen to some , but uncertain as to whom or how many .
a contingency is simply an indeterminable future event , which may or may not be attended with danger or risk .
see accident ; danger .
antonyms :
assurance , necessity , protection , safety , surety .
certainty , plan , safeguard , security ,
* * * * *
healthy .
synonyms :
hale , hygienic , sanitary , vigorous , healthful , salubrious , sound , well , hearty , salutary , strong , wholesome .
healthy is most correctly used to signify possessing or enjoying health or its results ; as , a healthy person ; a healthy condition .
healthful signifies promotive of health , tending or adapted to confer , preserve , or promote health ; as , a healthful climate .
wholesome food in a healthful climate makes a healthy man .
with healthful are ranged the words hygienic , salubrious , salutary , sanitary , and wholesome , while the other words are associated with healthy .
salubrious is always used in the physical sense , and is chiefly applied to air or climate .
salutary is now chiefly used in the moral sense ; as , a salutary lesson .
antonyms :
delicate , failing , ill , unsound , worn , diseased , fainting , sick , wasted , worn down , emaciated , fragile , unhealthy , weak , worn out .
exhausted , frail ,
* * * * *
help .
synonyms :
abet , befriend , foster , succor , uphold .
aid , cooperate , second , support , assist , encourage , stand by , sustain ,
help expresses greater dependence and deeper need than aid .
in extremity we say " god help me ! " rather than " god aid me ! " in time of danger we cry " help !
help ! " rather than " aid !
aid ! " to aid is to second another's own exertions .
we can speak of helping the helpless , but not of aiding them .
help includes aid , but aid may fall short of the meaning of help .
in law to aid or abet makes one a principal .
( compare synonyms for accessory . ) to cooperate is to aid as an equal ; to assist implies a subordinate and secondary relation .
one assists a fallen friend to rise ; he cooperates with him in helping others .
encourage refers to mental aid , as uphold now usually does ; succor and support , oftenest to material assistance .
we encourage the timid or despondent , succor the endangered , support the weak , uphold those who else might be shaken or cast down .
compare abet ; promote .
antonyms :
counteract , discourage , oppose , resist , thwart , withstand .
prepositions :
help in an enterprise with money ; help to success ; against the enemy .
* * * * *
heretic .
synonyms :
dissenter , heresiarch , non - conformist , schismatic .
etymologically , a heretic is one who takes or chooses his own belief , instead of the belief of his church ; hence , a heretic is one who denies commonly accepted views , or who holds opinions contrary to the recognized standard or tenets of any
established religious , philosophical , or other system , school , or party ; the religious sense of the word is the predominant one ; a schismatic is primarily one who produces a split or rent in the church .
a heretic differs in doctrine from the religious body with which he is connected ; a schismatic differs in doctrine or practise , or in both .
a heretic may be reticent , or even silent ; a schismatic introduces divisions .
a heresiarch is the author of a heresy or the leader of a heretical party , and is thus at once a heretic and a schismatic .
with advancing ideas of religious liberty , the odious sense once attached to these words is largely modified , and heretic is often used playfully .
dissenter and non - conformist are terms specifically applied to english subjects who hold themselves aloof from the church of england ; the former term is extended to non - adherents of the established church in some other countries , as russia .
* * * * *
heterogeneous .
synonyms :
confused , mingled , unhomogeneous , conglomerate , miscellaneous , unlike , discordant , mixed , variant , dissimilar , non - homogeneous , various .
substances quite unlike are heterogeneous as regards each other .
a heterogeneous mixture is one whose constituents are not only unlike in kind , but unevenly distributed ; cement is composed of substances such as lime , sand , and clay , which are heterogeneous as regards each other , but the cement is said to be
homogeneous if the different constituents are evenly mixed throughout , so that any one portion of the mixture is exactly like any other .
a substance may fail of being homogeneous and yet not be heterogeneous , in which case it is said to be non - homogeneous or unhomogeneous ; a bar of iron that contains flaws , air - bubbles , etc . , or for any other reason
is not of uniform structure and density throughout , tho no foreign substance be mixed with the iron , is said to be non - homogeneous .
a miscellaneous mixture may or may not be heterogeneous ; if the objects are alike in kind , but different in size , form , quality , use , etc . , and without special order or relation , the collection is miscellaneous ; if the objects
differ in kind , such a mixture is also , and more strictly , heterogeneous ; a pile of unassorted lumber is miscellaneous ; the contents of a school - boy's pocket are commonly miscellaneous and might usually be termed heterogeneous as well .
see complex .
antonyms :
alike , homogeneous , identical , like , pure , same , similar , uniform .
* * * * *
hide .
synonyms :
bury , cover , entomb , overwhelm , suppress , cloak , disguise , inter , screen , veil .
conceal , dissemble , mask , secrete .
hide is the general term , including all the rest , signifying to put out of sight or beyond ready observation or approach ; a thing may be hidden by intention , by accident , or by the imperfection of the faculties of the one from whom
it is hidden ; in their games , children hide the slipper , or hide themselves from each other ; a man unconsciously hides a picture from another by standing before it , or hides a thing from himself by laying something else over it .
even an unconscious object may hide another ; as , a cloud hides the sun , or a building hides some part of the prospect by intervening between it and the observer's position .
as an act of persons , to conceal is always intentional ; one may hide his face in anger , grief , or abstraction ; he conceals his face when he fears recognition .
a house is hidden by foliage ; the bird's nest is artfully concealed .
secrete is a stronger word than conceal , and is used chiefly of such material objects as may be separated from the person , or from their ordinary surroundings , and put in unlooked - for places ; a man conceals a scar on his face ,
but does not secrete it ; a thief secretes stolen goods ; an officer may also be said to secrete himself to watch the thief .
a thing is covered by putting something over or around it , whether by accident or design ; it is screened by putting something before it , always with some purpose of protection from observation , inconvenience , attack , censure , etc .
in the figurative use , a person may hide honorable feelings ; he conceals an evil or hostile intent .
anything which is effectually covered and hidden under any mass or accumulation is buried .
money is buried in the ground ; a body is buried in the sea ; a paper is buried under other documents .
whatever is buried is hidden or concealed ; but there are many ways of hiding or concealing a thing without burying it .
so a person may be covered with wraps , and not buried under them .
bury may be used of any object , entomb and inter only of a dead body .
figuratively , one may be said to be buried in business , in study , etc .
compare immerse ; palliate .
antonyms :
admit , disclose , exhume , manifest , show , advertise , discover , expose , promulgate , tell , avow , disinter , lay bare , publish , uncover , betray , divulge , lay open , raise , unmask , confess , exhibit , make
known , reveal , unveil .
* * * * *
high .
synonyms :
elevated , exalted , noble , steep , towering , eminent , lofty , proud , tall , uplifted .
deep , while an antonym of high in usage , may apply to the very same distance simply measured in an opposite direction , high applying to vertical distance measured from below upward , and deep to vertical distance measured from above downward ; as , a
deep valley nestling between high mountains .
high is a relative term signifying greatly raised above any object , base , or surface , in comparison with what is usual , or with some standard ; a table is high if it exceeds thirty inches ; a hill is not high at a hundred
feet .
that is tall whose height is greatly in excess of its breadth or diameter , and whose actual height is great for an object of its kind ; as , a tall tree ; a tall man ; tall grass .
that is lofty which is imposing or majestic in height ; we term a spire tall with reference to its altitude , or lofty with reference to its majestic appearance .
that is elevated which is raised somewhat above its surroundings ; that is eminent which is far above them ; as , an elevated platform ; an eminent promontory .
in the figurative sense , elevated is less than eminent , and this less than exalted ; we speak of high , lofty , or elevated thoughts , aims , etc . , in the good sense , but sometimes of high feelings , looks , words
, etc . , in the invidious sense of haughty or arrogant .
a high ambition may be merely selfish ; a lofty ambition is worthy and noble .
towering , in the literal sense compares with lofty and majestic ; but in the figurative sense , its use is almost always invidious ; as , a towering passion ; a towering ambition disregards and crushes all opposing considerations , however rational , lovely , or
holy .
compare steep .
antonyms :
base , degraded , dwarfed , inferior , low , mean , short , stunted .
deep , depressed ,
* * * * *
hinder .
synonyms :
baffle , clog , foil , obstruct , retard , balk , counteract , frustrate , oppose , stay , bar , delay , hamper , prevent , stop , block , embarrass , impede , resist , thwart .
check , encumber , interrupt ,
to hinder is to keep from action , progress , motion , or growth , or to make such action , progress , motion , or growth later in beginning or completion than it would otherwise have been .
an action is prevented by anything that comes in before it to make it impossible ; it is hindered by anything that keeps it from either beginning or ending so soon as it otherwise would , or as expected or intended .
it is more common , however , to say that the start is delayed , the progress hindered .
an action that is hindered does not take place at the appointed or appropriate time ; that which is prevented does not take place at all ; to hinder a thing long enough may amount to preventing it .
a railroad - train may be hindered by a snow - storm from arriving on time ; it may by special order be prevented from starting .
to retard is simply to make slow by any means whatever .
to obstruct is to hinder , or possibly to prevent advance or passage by putting something in the way ; to oppose or resist is to hinder , or possibly to prevent by directly contrary or hostile action , resist being the stronger term and having more
suggestion of physical force ; obstructed roads hinder the march of an enemy , tho there may be no force strong enough to oppose it ; one opposes a measure , a motion , an amendment , or the like ; it is a criminal offense to
resist an officer in the discharge of his duty ; the physical system may resist the attack of disease or the action of a remedy .
compare conquer ; impediment ; obstruct .
antonyms :
see synonyms for quicken .
prepositions :
hinder one in his progress ; from acting promptly ; by opposition .
* * * * *
history .
synonyms :
account , biography , muniment , record , annals , chronicle , narration , register , archives , memoir , narrative , story .
autobiography , memorial , recital ,
history is a systematic record of past events .
annals and chronicles relate events with little regard to their relative importance , and with complete subserviency to their succession in time .
annals are yearly records ; chronicles follow the order of time .
both necessarily lack emphasis , selection , and perspective .
archives are public records , which may be annals , or chronicles , or deeds of property , etc .
memoirs generally record the lives of individuals or facts pertaining to individual lives .
a biography is distinctively a written account of one person's life and actions ; an autobiography is a biography written by the person whose life it records .
annals , archives , chronicles , biographies , and memoirs and other records furnish the materials of history .
history recounts events with careful attention to their importance , their mutual relations , their causes and consequences , selecting and grouping events on the ground of interest or importance .
history is usually applied to such an account of events affecting communities and nations , tho sometimes we speak of the history of a single eminent life .
compare record .
antonyms :
see synonyms for fiction .
* * * * *
holy .
synonyms :
blessed , devoted , hallowed , saintly , consecrated , divine , sacred , set apart .
sacred is applied to that which is to be regarded as inviolable on any account , and so is not restricted to divine things ; therefore in its lower applications it is less than holy .
that which is sacred may be made so by institution , decree , or association ; that which is holy is so by its own nature , possessing intrinsic moral purity , and , in the highest sense , absolute moral perfection .
god is holy ; his commands are sacred .
holy may be applied also to that which is hallowed ; as , " the place whereon thou standest is holy ground , " ex .
iii , 5 .
in such use holy is more than sacred , as if the very qualities of a spiritual or divine presence were imparted to the place or object .
divine has been used with great looseness , as applying to anything eminent or admirable , in the line either of goodness or of mere power , as to eloquence , music , etc . , but there is a commendable tendency to restrict the word to
its higher sense , as designating that which belongs to or is worthy of the divine being .
compare perfect ; pure .
antonyms :
abominable , cursed , polluted , unconsecrated , unholy , wicked , common , impure , secular , unhallowed , unsanctified , worldly .
* * * * *
home .
synonyms :
abode , dwelling , habitation , hearthstone , ingleside , domicil , fireside , hearth , house , residence .
abode , dwelling , and habitation are used with little difference of meaning to denote the place where one habitually lives ; abode and habitation belong to the poetic or elevated style .
even dwelling is not used in familiar speech ; a person says " my house , " " my home , " or more formally " my residence . " home , from the anglo - saxon , denoting originally a dwelling , came to mean an
endeared dwelling as the scene of domestic love and happy and cherished family life , a sense to which there is an increasing tendency to restrict the word - - desirably so , since we have other words to denote the mere dwelling - place ; we
say " the wretched tenement could not be called home , " or " the humble cabin was dear to him as the home of his childhood . "
home's not merely four square walls , tho with pictures hung and gilded ; home is where affection calls - - where its shrine the heart has builded .
thus the word comes to signify any place of rest and peace , and especially heaven , as the soul's peaceful and eternal dwelling - place .
* * * * *
honest .
synonyms :
candid , frank , ingenuous , true , equitable , genuine , just , trustworthy , fair , good , sincere , trusty , faithful , honorable , straightforward , upright .
one who is honest in the ordinary sense acts or is always disposed to act with careful regard for the rights of others , especially in matters of business or property ; one who is honorable scrupulously observes the dictates of a personal honor that is higher
than any demands of mercantile law or public opinion , and will do nothing unworthy of his own inherent nobility of soul .
the honest man does not steal , cheat , or defraud ; the honorable man will not take an unfair advantage that would be allowed him , or will make a sacrifice which no one could require of him , when his own sense of right demands
it .
one who is honest in the highest and fullest sense is scrupulously careful to adhere to all known truth and right even in thought .
in this sense honest differs from honorable as having regard rather to absolute truth and right than to even the highest personal honor .
compare candid ; justice .
antonyms :
deceitful , faithless , hypocritical , perfidious , unfaithful , dishonest , false , lying , traitorous , unscrupulous , disingenuous , fraudulent , mendacious , treacherous , untrue .
* * * * *
horizontal .
synonyms :
even , flat , level , plain , plane .
horizontal signifies in the direction of or parallel to the horizon .
for practical purposes level and horizontal are identical , tho level , as the more popular word , is more loosely used of that which has no especially noticeable elevations or inequalities ; as , a level road .
flat , according to its derivation from the anglo - saxon flet , a floor , applies to a surface only , and , in the first and most usual sense , to a surface that is horizontal or level in all directions ; a line may
be level , a floor is flat ; flat is also applied in a derived sense to any plane surface without irregularities or elevations , as a picture may be painted on the flat surface of a perpendicular wall .
plane applies only to a surface , and is used with more mathematical exactness than flat .
the adjective plain , originally the same word as plane , is now rarely used except in the figurative senses , but the original sense appears in the noun , as we speak of " a wide plain . " we speak of a horizontal line ,
a flat morass , a level road , a plain country , a plane surface ( especially in the scientific sense ) .
that which is level may not be even , and that which is even may not be level ; a level road may be very rough ; a slope may be even .
antonyms :
broken , inclined , rolling , rugged , sloping , hilly , irregular , rough , slanting , uneven .
* * * * *
humane .
synonyms :
benevolent , compassionate , human , pitying , benignant , forgiving , kind , sympathetic , charitable , gentle , kind - hearted , tender , clement , gracious , merciful , tender - hearted .
human denotes what pertains to mankind , with no suggestion as to its being good or evil ; as , the human race ; human qualities ; we speak of human achievements , virtues , or excellences , human follies , vices , or crimes .
humane denotes what may rightly be expected of mankind at its best in the treatment of sentient beings ; a humane enterprise or endeavor is one that is intended to prevent or relieve suffering .
the humane man will not needlessly inflict pain upon the meanest thing that lives ; a merciful man is disposed to withhold or mitigate the suffering even of the guilty .
the compassionate man sympathizes with and desires to relieve actual suffering , while one who is humane would forestall and prevent the suffering which he sees to be possible .
compare mercy ; pitiful ; pity .
antonyms :
see synonyms for barbarous .
* * * * *
hunt .
synonyms :
chase , hunting , inquisition , pursuit , search .
a hunt may be either the act of pursuing or the act of seeking , or a combination of the two .
a chase or pursuit is after that which is fleeing or departing ; a search is for that which is hidden ; a hunt may be for that which is either hidden or fleeing ; a search is a minute and careful seeking , and is especially
applied to a locality ; we make a search of or through a house , for an object , in which connection it would be colloquial to say a hunt .
hunt never quite loses its association with field - sports , where it includes both search and chase ; the search till the game is hunted out , and the chase till it is hunted down .
figuratively , we speak of literary pursuits , or of the pursuit of knowledge ; a search for reasons ; the chase of fame or honor ; hunt , in figurative use , inclines to the unfavorable sense of inquisition , but with more of dash and
aggressiveness ; as , a hunt for heresy .
* * * * *
hypocrisy .
synonyms :
affectation , formalism , pretense , sanctimony , cant , pharisaism , sanctimoniousness , sham .
dissimulation , pietism ,
pretense ( l .
praetendo ) primarily signifies the holding something forward as having certain rights or claims , whether truly or falsely ; in the good sense , it is now rarely used except with a negative ; as , there can be no pretense that this is due ;
a false pretense implies the possibility of a true pretense ; but , alone and unlimited , pretense commonly signifies the offering of something for what it is not .
hypocrisy is the false pretense of moral excellence , either as a cover for actual wrong , or for the sake of the credit and advantage attaching to virtue .
cant ( l .
cantus , a song ) , primarily the singsong iteration of the language of any party , school , or sect , denotes the mechanical and pretentious use of religious phraseology , without corresponding feeling or character ; sanctimoniousness is the assumption of a saintly manner without
a saintly character .
as cant is hypocrisy in utterance , so sanctimoniousness is hypocrisy in appearance , as in looks , tones , etc .
pietism , originally a word of good import , is now chiefly used for an unregulated emotionalism ; formalism is an exaggerated devotion to forms , rites , and ceremonies , without corresponding earnestness of heart ; sham ( identical in origin with shame ) is a
trick or device that puts one to shame , or that shamefully disappoints expectation or falsifies appearance .
affectation is in matters of intellect , taste , etc . , much what hypocrisy is in morals and religion ; affectation might be termed petty hypocrisy .
compare deception .
antonyms :
candor , genuineness , ingenuousness , sincerity , truth , frankness , honesty , openness , transparency , truthfulness .
* * * * *
hypocrite .
synonyms :
cheat , deceiver , dissembler , impostor , pretender .
a hypocrite ( gr .
hypokrites , one who answers on the stage , an actor , especially a mimic actor ) is one who acts a false part , or assumes a character other than the real .
deceiver is the most comprehensive term , including all the other words of the group .
the deceiver seeks to give false impressions of any matter where he has an end to gain ; the dissembler or hypocrite seeks to give false impressions in regard to himself .
the dissembler is content if he can keep some base conduct or evil purpose from being discovered ; the hypocrite seeks not merely to cover his vices , but to gain credit for virtue .
the cheat and impostor endeavor to make something out of those they may deceive .
the cheat is the inferior and more mercenary , as the thimble - rig gambler ; the impostor may aspire to a fortune or a throne .
compare hypocrisy .
antonyms :
the antonyms of hypocrite are to be found only in phrases embodying the adjectives candid , honest , ingenuous , sincere , true , etc .
* * * * *
hypothesis .
synonyms :
conjecture , scheme , supposition , system , guess , speculation , surmise , theory .
a hypothesis is a statement of what is deemed possibly true , assumed and reasoned upon as if certainly true , with a view of reaching truth not yet surely known ; especially , in the sciences , a hypothesis is a comprehensive tentative explanation of certain
phenomena , which is meant to include all other facts of the same class , and which is assumed as true till there has been opportunity to bring all related facts into comparison ; if the hypothesis explains all the facts , it is regarded as verified
; till then it is regarded as a working hypothesis , that is , one that may answer for present practical purposes .
a hypothesis may be termed a comprehensive guess .
a guess is a swift conclusion from data directly at hand , and held as probable or tentative , while one confessedly lacks material for absolute certainty .
a conjecture is more methodical than a guess , while a supposition is still slower and more settled ; a conjecture , like a guess , is preliminary and tentative ; a supposition is more nearly final ; a surmise is more floating and visionary , and
often sinister ; as , a surmise that a stranger may be a pickpocket .
theory is used of the mental coordination of facts and principles , that may or may not prove correct ; a machine may be perfect in theory , but useless in fact .
scheme may be used as nearly equivalent to theory , but is more frequently applied to proposed action , and in the sense of a somewhat visionary plan .
a speculation may be wholly of the brain , resting upon no facts worthy of consideration ; system is the highest of these terms , having most of assurance and fixity ; a system unites many facts , phenomena , or doctrines into an orderly and consistent
whole ; we speak of a system of theology , of the copernican system of the universe .
compare system .
antonyms :
certainty , demonstration , discovery , evidence , fact , proof .
* * * * *
idea .
synonyms :
apprehension , design , impression , plan , archetype , fancy , judgment , purpose , belief , fantasy , model , sentiment , conceit , ideal , notion , supposition , concept , image , opinion , theory , conception , imagination , pattern , thought
.
idea is in greek a form or an image .
the word signified in early philosophical use the archetype or primal image which the platonic philosophy supposed to be the model or pattern that existing objects imperfectly embody .
this high sense has nearly disappeared from the word idea , and has been largely appropriated by ideal , tho something of the original meaning still appears when in theological or philosophical language we speak of the ideas of god .
the present popular use of idea makes it to signify any product of mental apprehension or activity , considered as an object of knowledge or thought ; this coincides with the primitive sense at but a single point - - that an idea is mental as opposed
to anything substantial or physical ; thus , almost any mental product , as a belief , conception , design , opinion , etc . , may now be called an idea .
compare fancy ; ideal .
antonyms :
actuality , fact , reality , substance .
* * * * *
ideal .
synonyms :
archetype , model , pattern , prototype , standard .
idea , original ,
an ideal is that which is conceived or taken as the highest type of excellence or ultimate object of attainment .
the archetype is the primal form , actual or imaginary , according to which any existing thing is constructed ; the prototype has or has had actual existence ; in the derived sense , as in metrology , a prototype may not be the original form ,
but one having equal authority with that as a standard .
an ideal may be primal , or may be slowly developed even from failures and by negations ; an ideal is meant to be perfect , not merely the thing that has been attained or is to be attained , but the best conceivable thing that could
by possibility be attained .
the artist's ideal is his own mental image , of which his finished work is but an imperfect expression .
the original is the first specimen , good or bad ; the original of a master is superior to all copies .
the standard may be below the ideal .
the ideal is imaginary , and ordinarily unattainable ; the standard is concrete , and ordinarily attainable , being a measure to which all else of its kind must conform ; as , the standard of weights and measures , of corn , or of cotton .
the idea of virtue is the mental concept or image of virtue in general ; the ideal of virtue is the mental concept or image of virtue in its highest conceivable perfection .
compare example ; idea .
antonyms :
accomplishment , action , doing , fact , practise , achievement , attainment , embodiment , incarnation , reality , act , development , execution , performance , realization .
* * * * *
idiocy .
synonyms :
fatuity , foolishness , incapacity , stupidity .
folly , imbecility , senselessness ,
idiocy is a state of mental unsoundness amounting almost or quite to total absence of understanding .
imbecility is a condition of mental weakness , which may or may not be as complete as that of idiocy , but is at least such as to incapacitate for the serious duties of life .
incapacity , or lack of legal qualification for certain acts , necessarily results from imbecility , but may also result from other causes , as from insanity or from age , sex , etc . ; as , the incapacity of a minor to make a contract
.
idiocy or imbecility is weakness of mind , while insanity is disorder or abnormal action of mind .
folly and foolishness denote a want of mental and often of moral balance .
fatuity is sometimes used as equivalent to idiocy , but more frequently signifies conceited and excessive foolishness or folly .
stupidity is dulness and slowness of mental action which may range all the way from lack of normal readiness to absolute imbecility .
compare insanity .
antonyms :
acuteness , brilliancy , common sense , sagacity , soundness , astuteness , capacity , intelligence , sense , wisdom .
* * * * *
idle .
synonyms :
inactive , inert , slothful , trifling , unoccupied , indolent , lazy , sluggish , unemployed , vacant .
idle in all uses rests upon its root meaning , as derived from the anglo - saxon idel , which signifies vain , empty , useless .
idle thus denotes not primarily the absence of action , but vain action - - the absence of useful , effective action ; the idle schoolboy may be very actively whittling his desk or tormenting his neighbors .
doing nothing whatever is the secondary meaning of idle .
one may be temporarily idle of necessity ; if he is habitually idle , it is his own fault .
lazy signifies indisposed to exertion , averse to labor ; idleness is in fact ; laziness is in disposition or inclination .
a lazy person may chance to be employed in useful work , but he acts without energy or impetus .
we speak figuratively of a lazy stream .
the inert person seems like dead matter ( characterized by inertia ) , powerless to move ; the sluggish moves heavily and toilsomely ; the most active person may sometimes find the bodily or mental powers sluggish .
slothful belongs in the moral realm , denoting a self - indulgent aversion to exertion .
" the slothful hideth his hand in his bosom ; it grieveth him to bring it again to his mouth , " prov .
xxvi , 15 .
indolent is a milder term for the same quality ; the slothful man hates action ; the indolent man loves inaction .
compare vain .
antonyms :
active , busy , diligent , employed , industrious , occupied , working .
* * * * *
ignorant .
synonyms :
ill - informed , unenlightened , unlearned , untaught , illiterate , uninformed , unlettered , untutored .
uneducated , uninstructed , unskilled ,
ignorant signifies destitute of education or knowledge , or lacking knowledge or information ; it is thus a relative term .
the most learned man is still ignorant of many things ; persons are spoken of as ignorant who have not the knowledge that has become generally diffused in the world ; the ignorant savage may be well instructed in matters of the field and the chase ,
and is thus more properly untutored than ignorant .
illiterate is without letters and the knowledge that comes through reading .
unlettered is similar in meaning to illiterate , but less absolute ; the unlettered man may have acquired the art of reading and writing and some elementary knowledge ; the uneducated man has never taken any systematic course of mental training .
ignorance is relative ; illiteracy is absolute ; we have statistics of illiteracy ; no statistics of ignorance are possible .
antonyms :
educated , learned , sage , skilled , trained , well - informed , wise .
instructed ,
* * * * *
imagination .
synonyms :
fancy , fantasy , phantasy .
the old psychology treated of the reproductive imagination , which simply reproduces the images that the mind has in any way acquired , and the productive imagination which modifies and combines mental images so as to produce what is virtually new .
to this reproductive imagination president noah porter and others have given the name of phantasy or fantasy ( many psychologists preferring the former spelling ) .
phantasy or fantasy , so understood , presents numerous and varied images , often combining them into new forms with exceeding vividness , yet without any true constructive power , but with the mind adrift , blindly and passively following the laws of association , and with
reason and will in torpor ; the mental images being perhaps as varied and as vivid , but also as purposeless and unsystematized as the visual images in a kaleidoscope ; such fantasy ( often loosely called imagination ) appears in dreaming , reverie , somnambulism ,
and intoxication .
fantasy in ordinary usage simply denotes capricious or erratic fancy , as appears in the adjective fantastic .
imagination and fancy differ from fantasy in bringing the images and their combinations under the control of the will ; imagination is the broader and higher term , including fancy ; imagination is the act or power of imaging or of reimaging objects of perception or thought
, of combining the products of knowledge in modified , new , or ideal forms - - the creative or constructive power of the mind ; while fancy is the act or power of forming pleasing , graceful , whimsical , or odd mental images , or
of combining them with little regard to rational processes of construction ; imagination in its lower form .
both fancy and imagination recombine and modify mental images ; either may work with the other's materials ; imagination may glorify the tiniest flower ; fancy may play around a mountain or a star ; the one great distinction between them is that fancy is superficial ,
while imagination is deep , essential , spiritual .
wordsworth , who was the first clearly to draw the distinction between the fancy and the imagination , states it as follows :
to aggregate and to associate , to evoke and to combine , belong as well to the imagination as to the fancy ; but either the materials evoked and combined are different ; or they are brought together under a different law , and for a different
purpose .
fancy does not require that the materials which she makes use of should be susceptible of changes in their constitution from her touch ; and where they admit of modification , it is enough for her purpose if it be slight , limited , and evanescent .
directly the reverse of these are the desires and demands of the imagination .
she recoils from everything but the plastic , the pliant , and the indefinite .
she leaves it to fancy to describe queen mab as coming :
' in shape no bigger than an agate stone on the forefinger of an alderman . '
having to speak of stature , she does not tell you that her gigantic angel was as tall as pompey's pillar ; much less that he was twelve cubits or twelve hundred cubits high ; or that his dimensions equalled those of teneriffe or atlas ; because
these , and if they were a million times as high , it would be the same , are bounded .
the expression is , ' his stature reached the sky ! ' the illimitable firmament ! - - when the imagination frames a comparison , . . .
a sense of the truth of the likeness from the moment that it is perceived grows - - and continues to grow - - upon the mind ; the resemblance depending less upon outline of form and feature than upon expression and effect , less upon casual
and outstanding than upon inherent and internal properties . [ b ]
poetical works , pref .
to ed .
of 1815 , p .
646 , app .
[ t .
& h .
' 51 . ]
so far as actual images are concerned , both fancy and imagination are limited to the materials furnished by the external world ; it is remarkable that among all the representations of gods or demigods , fiends and demons , griffins and chimaeras , the human mind
has never invented one organ or attribute that is not presented in human or animal life ; the lion may have a human head and an eagle's wings and claws , but in the various features , individually , there is absolutely nothing new .
but imagination can transcend the work of fancy , and compare an image drawn from the external world with some spiritual truth born in the mind itself , or infuse a series of images with such a spiritual truth , molding them as needed for its more
vivid expression .
the imagination modifies images , and gives unity to variety ; it sees all things in one . . . .
there is the epic imagination , the perfection of which is in milton ; and the dramatic , of which shakspeare is the absolute master .
coleridge table talk june 23 , ' 34 .
fancy keeps the material image prominent and clear , and works not only with it , but for it ; imagination always uses the material object as the minister of something greater than itself , and often almost loses the object in the spiritual idea with which
she has associated it , and for which alone she values it .
fancy flits about the surface , and is airy and playful , sometimes petty and sometimes false ; imagination goes to the heart of things , and is deep , earnest , serious , and seeks always and everywhere for essential truth .
fancy sets off , variegates , and decorates ; imagination transforms and exalts .
fancy delights and entertains ; imagination moves and thrills .
imagination is not only poetic or literary , but scientific , philosophical , and practical .
by imagination the architect sees the unity of a building not yet begun , and the inventor sees the unity and varied interactions of a machine never yet constructed , even a unity that no human eye ever can see , since when the machine is in
actual motion , one part may hide the connecting parts , and yet all keep the unity of the inventor's thought .
by imagination a newton sweeps sun , planets , and stars into unity with the earth and the apple that is drawn irresistibly to its surface , and sees them all within the circle of one grand law .
science , philosophy , and mechanical invention have little use for fancy , but the creative , penetrative power of imagination is to them the breath of life , and the condition of all advance and success .
see also fancy ; idea .
[ b ] the whole discussion from which the quotation is taken is worthy of , and will well repay , careful study .
* * * * *
immediately .
synonyms :
at once , instanter , presently , straightway , directly , instantly , right away , this instant , forthwith , now , right off , without delay .
the strong and general human tendency to procrastination is shown in the progressive weakening of the various words in this group .
immediately primarily signifies without the intervention of anything as a medium , hence without the intervention of any , even the briefest , interval or lapse of time .
by and by , which was once a synonym , has become an antonym of immediately , meaning at some ( perhaps remote ) future time .
directly , which once meant with no intervening time , now means after some little while ; presently no longer means in this very present , but before very long .
even immediately is sliding from its instantaneousness , so that we are fain to substitute at once , instantly , etc . , when we would make promptness emphatic .
right away and right off are vigorous conversational expressions in the united states .
antonyms :
after a while , by and by , hereafter , in the future , some time .
* * * * *
immerse .
synonyms :
bury , dip , douse , duck , immerge , plunge , sink , submerge .
dip is saxon , while immerse is latin for the same initial act ; dip is accordingly the more popular and commonplace , immerse the more elegant and dignified expression in many cases .
to speak of baptism by immersion as dipping now seems rude ; tho entirely proper and usual in early english .
baptists now universally use the word immerse .
to dip and to immerse alike signify to bury or submerge some object in a liquid ; but dip implies that the object dipped is at once removed from the liquid , while immerse is wholly silent as to the removal .
immerse also suggests more absolute completeness of the action ; one may dip his sleeve or dip a sponge in a liquid , if he but touches the edge ; if he immerses it , he completely sinks it under , and covers it with the liquid
.
submerge implies that the object can not readily be removed , if at all ; as , a submerged wreck .
to plunge is to immerse suddenly and violently , for which douse and duck are colloquial terms .
dip is used , also , unlike the other words , to denote the putting of a hollow vessel into a liquid in order to remove a portion of it ; in this sense we say dip up , dip out .
compare synonyms for bury .
preposition :
the object is immersed in water .
* * * * *
imminent .
synonyms :
impending , threatening .
imminent , from the latin , with the sense of projecting over , signifies liable to happen at once , as some calamity , dangerous and close at hand .
impending , also from the latin , with the sense of hanging over , is closely akin to imminent , but somewhat less emphatic .
imminent is more immediate , impending more remote , threatening more contingent .
an impending evil is almost sure to happen at some uncertain time , perhaps very near ; an imminent peril is one liable to befall very speedily ; a threatening peril may be near or remote , but always with hope that it may be averted .
antonyms :
chimerical , doubtful , problematical , unexpected , unlikely .
contingent , improbable ,
* * * * *
impediment .
synonyms :
bar , clog , encumbrance , obstacle , barrier , difficulty , hindrance , obstruction .
difficulty makes an undertaking otherwise than easy .
that which rests upon one as a burden is an encumbrance .
an impediment is primarily something that checks the foot or in any way makes advance slow or difficult ; an obstacle is something that stands across the way , an obstruction something that is built or placed across the way .
an obstruction is always an obstacle , but an obstacle may not always be properly termed an obstruction ; boxes and bales placed on the sidewalk are obstructions to travel ; an ice - floe is an obstacle to navigation , and may become an obstruction if
it closes an inlet or channel .
a hindrance ( kindred with hind , behind ) is anything that makes one come behind or short of his purpose .
an impediment may be either what one finds in his way or what he carries with him ; impedimenta was the latin name for the baggage of a soldier or of an army .
the tendency is to view an impediment as something constant or , at least for a time , continuous ; as , an impediment in one's speech .
a difficulty or a hindrance may be either within one or without ; a speaker may find difficulty in expressing himself , or difficulty in holding the attention of restless children .
an encumbrance is always what one carries with him ; an obstacle or an obstruction is always without .
to a marching soldier the steepness of a mountain path is a difficulty , loose stones are impediments , a fence is an obstruction , a cliff or a boulder across the way is an obstacle ; a knapsack is an encumbrance .
antonyms :
advantage , aid , assistance , benefit , help , relief , succor .
* * * * *
impudence .
synonyms :
assurance , impertinence , intrusiveness , presumption , boldness , incivility , officiousness , rudeness , effrontery , insolence , pertness , sauciness .
forwardness ,
impertinence primarily denotes what does not pertain or belong to the occasion or the person , and hence comes to signify interference by word or act not consistent with the age , position , or relation of the person interfered with or of the one who interferes
; especially , forward , presumptuous , or meddlesome speech .
impudence is shameless impertinence .
what would be arrogance in a superior becomes impertinence or impudence in an inferior .
impertinence has less of intent and determination than impudence .
we speak of thoughtless impertinence , shameless impudence .
insolence is literally that which is against custom , i .
e . , the violation of customary respect and courtesy .
officiousness is thrusting upon others unasked and undesired service , and is often as well - meant as it is annoying .
rudeness is the behavior that might be expected from a thoroughly uncultured person , and may be either deliberate and insulting or unintentional and even unconscious .
compare arrogance ; assurance ; effrontery ; pertness .
antonyms :
bashfulness , diffidence , lowliness , modesty , coyness , humility , meekness , submissiveness .
prepositions :
the impudence of , or impudence from , a subordinate to a superior .
* * * * *
incongruous .
synonyms :
absurd , ill - matched , inharmonious , conflicting , inapposite , irreconcilable , contradictory , inappropriate , mismatched , contrary , incommensurable , mismated , discordant , incompatible , repugnant , discrepant , inconsistent , unsuitable .
two or more things that do not fit well together , or are not adapted to each other , are said to be incongruous ; a thing is said to be incongruous that is not adapted to the time , place , or occasion ; the term
is also applied to a thing made up of ill - assorted parts or inharmonious elements .
discordant is applied to all things that jar in association like musical notes that are not in accord ; inharmonious has the same original sense , but is a milder term .
incompatible primarily signifies unable to sympathize or feel alike ; inconsistent means unable to stand together .
things are incompatible which can not exist together in harmonious relations , and whose action when associated tends to ultimate extinction of one by the other .
inconsistent applies to things that can not be made to agree in thought with each other , or with some standard of truth or right ; slavery and freedom are inconsistent with each other in theory , and incompatible in fact .
incongruous applies to relations , unsuitable to purpose or use ; two colors are incongruous which can not be agreeably associated ; either may be unsuitable for a person , a room , or an occasion .
incommensurable is a mathematical term , applying to two or more quantities that have no common measure or aliquot part .
antonyms :
accordant , agreeing , compatible , consistent , harmonious , suitable .
preposition :
the illustrations were incongruous with the theme .
* * * * *
induction .
synonyms :
deduction , inference .
deduction is reasoning from the general to the particular ; induction is reasoning from the particular to the general .
deduction proceeds from a general principle through an admitted instance to a conclusion .
induction , on the other hand , proceeds from a number of collated instances , through some attribute common to them all , to a general principle .
the proof of an induction is by using its conclusion as the premise of a new deduction .
thus what is ordinarily known as scientific induction is a constant interchange of induction and deduction .
in deduction , if the general rule is true , and the special case falls under the rule , the conclusion is certain ; induction can ordinarily give no more than a probable conclusion , because we can never be sure that we have collated all instances
.
an induction is of the nature of an inference , but while an inference may be partial and hasty , an induction is careful , and aims to be complete .
compare demonstration ; hypothesis .
* * * * *
industrious .
synonyms :
active , busy , employed , occupied , assiduous , diligent , engaged , sedulous .
industrious signifies zealously or habitually applying oneself to any work or business .
busy applies to an activity which may be temporary , industrious to a habit of life .
we say a man is busy just now ; that is , occupied at the moment with something that takes his full attention .
it would be ridiculous or satirical to say , he is industrious just now .
but busy can be used in the sense of industrious , as when we say he is a busy man .
diligent indicates also a disposition , which is ordinarily habitual , and suggests more of heartiness and volition than industrious .
we say one is a diligent , rather than an industrious , reader of the bible .
in the use of the nouns , we speak of plodding industry , but not of plodding diligence .
compare active ; industry .
antonyms :
see synonyms for idle .
* * * * *
industry .
synonyms :
application , diligence , labor , persistence , assiduity , effort , pains , sedulousness .
attention , exertion , patience , constancy , intentness , perseverance ,
industry is the quality , action , or habit of earnest , steady , and continued attention or devotion to any useful or productive work or task , manual or mental .
assiduity ( l .
ad , to , and sedeo , sit ) , as the etymology suggests , sits down to a task until it is done .
diligence ( l .
diligo , love , choose ) invests more effort and exertion , with love of the work or deep interest in its accomplishment ; application ( l .
ad , to , and plico , fold ) bends to its work and concentrates all one's powers upon it with utmost intensity ; hence , application can hardly be as unremitting as assiduity .
constancy is a steady devotion of heart and principle .
patience works on in spite of annoyances ; perseverance overcomes hindrances and difficulties ; persistence strives relentlessly against opposition ; persistence has very frequently an unfavorable meaning , implying that one persists in spite of considerations that should induce him to desist .
industry is diligence applied to some avocation , business , or profession .
labor and pains refer to the exertions of the worker and the tax upon him , while assiduity , perseverance , etc . , refer to his continuance in the work .
antonyms :
changeableness , idleness , inconstancy , neglect , remissness , fickleness , inattention , indolence , negligence , sloth .
* * * * *
infinite .
synonyms :
absolute , illimitable , limitless , unconditioned , boundless , immeasurable , measureless , unfathomable , countless , innumerable , numberless , unlimited , eternal , interminable , unbounded , unmeasured .
infinite ( l .
in , not , and finis , limit ) signifies without bounds or limits in any way , and may be applied to space , time , quantity , or number .
countless , innumerable , and numberless , which should be the same as infinite , are in common usage vaguely employed to denote what it is difficult or practically impossible to count or number , tho perhaps falling far short of infinite ; as , countless leaves
, the countless sands on the seashore , numberless battles , innumerable delays .
so , too , boundless , illimitable , limitless , measureless , and unlimited are loosely used in reference to what has no apparent or readily determinable limits in space or time ; as , we speak of the boundless ocean .
infinite space is without bounds , not only in fact , but in thought ; infinite time is truly eternal .
compare synonyms for eternal .
antonyms :
bounded , finite , measurable , restricted , small , brief , limited , moderate , shallow , transient , circumscribed , little , narrow , short , transitory .
evanescent ,
* * * * *
influence .
synonyms :
actuate , draw , impel , induce , move , stir , compel , drive , incite , instigate , persuade , sway , dispose , excite , incline , lead , prompt , urge .
to influence ( l .
in , in or into , and fluo , flow ) is to affect , modify , or act upon by physical , mental , or moral power , especially in some gentle , subtle , and gradual way ; as , vegetation is influenced by light
; every one is influenced to some extent by public opinion ; influence is chiefly used of power acting from without , tho it may be used of motives regarded as forces acting upon the will .
actuate refers solely to mental or moral power impelling one from within .
one may influence , but can not directly actuate another ; but one may be actuated to cruelty by hatred which another's misrepresentation has aroused .
prompt and stir are words of mere suggestion toward some course of action ; dispose , draw , incline , influence , and lead refer to the use of mild means to awaken in another a purpose or disposition to act .
to excite is to arouse one from lethargy or indifference to action .
incite and instigate , to spur or goad one to action , differ in the fact that incite may be to good , while instigate is always to evil ( compare abet ) .
to urge and impel signify to produce strong excitation toward some act .
we are urged from without , impelled from within .
drive and compel imply irresistible influence accomplishing its object .
one may be driven either by his own passions or by external force or urgency ; one is compelled only by some external power ; as , the owner was compelled by his misfortunes to sell his estate .
compare compel ; drive .
antonyms :
deter , dissuade , impede , prevent , restrain , retard .
discourage , hinder , inhibit ,
prepositions :
actuated to crime by revenge .
* * * * *
inherent .
synonyms :
congenital , indispensable , innate , native , essential , indwelling , inseparable , natural , immanent , infixed , internal , subjective .
inborn , ingrained , intrinsic , inbred , inhering , inwrought ,
inherent signifies permanently united as an element or original quality , naturally existent or incorporated in something so as to have become an integral part .
immanent is a philosophic word , to denote that which dwells in or pervades any substance or spirit without necessarily being a part of it , and without reference to any working out ( compare subjective ) .
that which is inherent is an inseparable part of that in which it inheres , and is usually thought of with reference to some outworking or effect ; as , an inherent difficulty .
god is said to be immanent ( not inherent ) in the universe .
frequently intrinsic and inherent can be interchanged , but inherent applies to qualities , while intrinsic applies to essence , so that to speak of intrinsic excellence conveys higher praise than if we say inherent excellence .
inherent and intrinsic may be said of persons or things ; congenital , inborn , inbred , innate , apply to living beings .
congenital is frequent in medical and legal use with special application to defects ; as , congenital idiocy .
innate and inborn are almost identical , but innate is preferred in philosophic use , as when we speak of innate ideas ; that which is inborn , congenital , or innate may be original with the individual , but that which is inbred is inherited .
ingrained signifies dyed in the grain , and denotes that which is deeply wrought into substance or character .
antonyms :
accidental , extrinsic , outward , superficial , supplemental , casual , fortuitous , subsidiary , superfluous , transient , external , incidental , superadded , superimposed , unconnected .
* * * * *
injury .
synonyms :
blemish , disadvantage , hurt , loss , prejudice , damage , evil , impairment , mischief , wrong .
detriment , harm , injustice , outrage ,
injury ( l .
in , not , and jus , juris , right , law ) signifies primarily something done contrary to law or right ; hence , something contrary to some standard of right or good ; whatever reduces the value , utility , beauty , or desirableness of
anything is an injury to that thing ; of persons , whatever is so done as to operate adversely to one in his person , rights , property , or reputation is an injury ; the word is especially used of whatever mars the integrity of the
body or causes pain ; as , when rescued from the wreck his injuries were found to be very slight .
injury is the general term including all the rest .
damage ( l .
damnum , loss ) is that which occasions loss to the possessor ; hence , any impairment of value , often with the suggestion of fault on the part of the one causing it ; damage reduces value , utility , or beauty ; detriment ( l
.
deterere , to rub or wear away ) is similar in meaning , but far milder .
detriment may affect value only ; damage always affects real worth or utility ; as a rule , the slightest use of an article by a purchaser operates to its detriment if again offered for sale , tho the article may have received not the slightest damage
.
damage is partial ; loss is properly absolute as far as it is predicated at all ; the loss of a ship implies that it is gone beyond recovery ; the loss of the rudder is a damage to the ship ; but since the loss of
a part still leaves a part , we may speak of a partial or a total loss .
evil commonly suggests suffering or sin , or both ; as , the evils of poverty , the social evil .
harm is closely synonymous with injury ; it may apply to body , mind , or estate , but always affects real worth , while injury may concern only estimated value .
a hurt is an injury that causes pain , physical or mental ; a slight hurt may be no real harm .
mischief is disarrangement , trouble , or harm usually caused by some voluntary agent , with or without injurious intent ; a child's thoughtless sport may do great mischief ; wrong is harm done with evil intent .
an outrage combines insult and injury .
compare synonyms for blemish ; criminal ; injustice .
antonyms :
advantage , benefit , boon , improvement , service , amelioration , blessing , help , remedy , utility .
prepositions :
the injury of the cause ; an injury to the structure ; injury by fire ; by or from collision , interference , etc .
* * * * *
injustice .
synonyms :
grievance , injury , unfairness , unrighteousness , wrong .
iniquity ,
injustice is a violation or denial of justice , an act or omission that is contrary to equity or justice ; as , the injustice of unequal taxes .
in legal usage a wrong involves injury to person , property , or reputation , as the result of evil intent ; injustice applies to civil damage or loss , not necessarily involving injury to person or property , as by misrepresentation of goods which does not
amount to a legal warranty .
in popular usage , injustice may involve no direct injury to person , property , interest , or character , and no harmful intent , while wrong always involves both ; one who attributes another's truly generous act to a selfish motive does him an injustice .
iniquity , in the original sense , is a want of or a deviation from equity ; but it is now applied in the widest sense to any form of ill - doing .
compare synonyms for criminal ; sin .
antonyms :
equity , faithfulness , impartiality , lawfulness , righteousness , fairness , honesty , integrity , rectitude , uprightness .
fair play , honor , justice , right ,
* * * * *
innocent .
synonyms :
blameless , guiltless , inoffensive , spotless , clean , harmless , pure , stainless , clear , immaculate , right , upright , faultless , innocuous , righteous , virtuous .
guileless , innoxious , sinless ,
innocent , in the full sense , signifies not tainted with sin ; not having done wrong or violated legal or moral precept or duty ; as , an innocent babe .
innocent is a negative word , expressing less than righteous , upright , or virtuous , which imply knowledge of good and evil , with free choice of the good .
a little child or a lamb is innocent ; a tried and faithful man is righteous , upright , virtuous .
immaculate , pure , and sinless may be used either of one who has never known the possibility of evil or of one who has perfectly and triumphantly resisted it .
innocent is used of inanimate substances in the sense of harmless ; as , an innocent remedy , that is , one not dangerous , even if not helpful .
innocent , in a specific case , signifies free from the guilt of a particular act , even tho the total character may be very evil ; as , the thief was found to be innocent of the murder .
see candid ; pure .
antonyms :
compare synonyms for criminal .
* * * * *
inquisitive .
synonyms :
curious , meddlesome , peeping , scrutinizing , inquiring , meddling , prying , searching .
intrusive ,
an inquisitive person is one who is bent on finding out all that can be found out by inquiry , especially of little and personal matters , and hence is generally meddlesome and prying .
inquisitive may be used in a good sense , tho in such connection inquiring is to be preferred ; as , an inquiring mind .
as applied to a state of mind , curious denotes a keen and rather pleasurable desire to know fully something to which one's attention has been called , but without the active tendency that inquisitive implies ; a well - bred person may be curious to know
, but will not be inquisitive in trying to ascertain , what is of interest in the affairs of another .
antonyms :
apathetic , heedless , indifferent , unconcerned , uninterested .
careless , inattentive ,
prepositions :
inquisitive about , concerning , in regard to , regarding trifles .
* * * * *
insanity .
synonyms :
aberration , delirium , frenzy , madness , alienation , dementia , hallucination , mania , craziness , derangement , lunacy , monomania .
of these terms insanity is the most exact and comprehensive , including in its widest sense all morbid conditions of mind due to diseased action of the brain or nervous system , but in its more frequent restricted use applied to those forms in which the mental
disorder is persistent , as distinguished from those in which it is temporary or transient .
craziness is a vague popular term for any sort of disordered mental action , or for conduct suggesting it .
lunacy originally denoted intermittent insanity , supposed to be dependent on the changes of the moon ( l .
luna ) : the term is now applied in general and legal use to any form of mental unsoundness except idiocy .
madness is the old popular term , now less common , for insanity in its widest sense , but with suggestion of excitement , akin to mania .
in the derived sense , lunacy denotes what is insanely foolish , madness what is insanely desperate .
derangement is a common euphemism for insanity .
delirium is always temporary , and is specifically the insanity of disease , as in acute fevers .
dementia is a general weakening of the mental powers : the word is specifically applied to senile insanity , dotage .
aberration is eccentricity of mental action due to an abnormal state of the perceptive faculties , and is manifested by error in perceptions and rambling thought .
hallucination is the apparent perception of that which does not exist or is not present to the senses , as the seeing of specters or of reptiles in delirium tremens .
monomania is mental derangement as to one subject or object .
frenzy and mania are forms of raving and furious insanity .
compare synonyms for delusion ; idiocy .
antonyms :
clearness , good sense , lucidity , rationality , sanity .
* * * * *
interpose .
synonyms :
arbitrate , intercept , intermeddle , meddle , intercede , interfere , interrupt , mediate .
to interpose is to place or come between other things or persons , usually as a means of obstruction or prevention of some effect or result that would otherwise occur , or be expected to take place .
intercede and interpose are used in a good sense ; intermeddle always in a bad sense , and interfere frequently so .
to intercede is to come between persons who are at variance , and plead with the stronger in behalf of the weaker .
one may interpose with authority ; he intercedes by petition .
to intermeddle is to thrust oneself into the concerns of others with a petty officiousness ; meddling commonly arises from idle curiosity ; " every fool will be meddling , " prov .
xx , 3 ; to interfere is to intrude into others ' affairs with more serious purpose , with or without acknowledged right or propriety .
intercept is applied to an object that may be seized or stopped while in transit ; as , to intercept a letter or a messenger ; interrupt is applied to an action which might or should be continuous , but is broken in upon ( l .
rumpere , to break ) by some disturbing power ; as , the conversation was interrupted .
one who arbitrates or mediates must do so by the request or at least with the consent of the contending parties ; the other words of the group imply that he steps in of his own accord .
antonyms :
avoid , keep aloof , keep out , retire , stand back , hold aloof , keep away , let alone , stand aside , stand off , hold off , keep clear , let be , stand away , withdraw .
prepositions :
interpose between the combatants ; in the matter .
* * * * *
involve .
synonyms :
complicate , embroil , implicate , include , embarrass , entangle , imply , overwhelm .
to involve ( l .
in , in , and volvo , roll ) is to roll or wind up with or in so as to combine inextricably or inseparably , or nearly so ; as , the nation is involved in war ; the bookkeeper's accounts , or the writer's sentences
are involved .
involve is a stronger word than implicate , denoting more complete entanglement .
as applied to persons , implicate is always used in an unfavorable sense , and involve ordinarily so ; but implicate applies only to that which is wrong , while involve is more commonly used of that which is unfortunate ; one is implicated in a crime
, involved in embarrassments , misfortunes , or perplexities .
as regards logical connection that which is included is usually expressly stated ; that which is implied is not stated , but is naturally to be inferred ; that which is involved is necessarily to be inferred ; as , a slate roof is included in the
contract ; that the roof shall be water - tight is implied ; the contrary supposition involves an absurdity .
see complex .
antonyms :
disconnect , distinguish , explicate , extricate , remove , separate .
disentangle ,
* * * * *
journey .
synonyms :
excursion , pilgrimage , transit , trip , expedition , tour , travel , voyage .
a journey ( f .
journee , from l .
diurnus , daily ) was primarily a day's work ; hence , a movement from place to place within one day , which we now describe as " a day's journey ; " in its extended modern use a journey is a direct going from a starting
- point to a destination , ordinarily over a considerable distance ; we speak of a day's journey , or the journey of life .
travel is a passing from place to place , not necessarily in a direct line or with fixed destination ; a journey through europe would be a passage to some destination beyond or at the farther boundary ; travel in europe may be in no direct course
, but may include many journeys in different directions .
a voyage , which was formerly a journey of any kind , is now a going to a considerable distance by water , especially by sea ; as , a voyage to india .
a trip is a short and direct journey .
a tour is a journey that returns to the starting - point , generally over a considerable distance ; as , a bridal tour , or business tour .
an excursion is a brief tour or journey , taken for pleasure , often by many persons at once ; as , an excursion to chautauqua .
passage is a general word for a journey by any conveyance , especially by water ; as , a rough passage across the atlantic ; transit , literally the act of passing over or through , is used specifically of the conveyance of passengers or merchandise ;
rapid transit is demanded for suburban residents or perishable goods .
pilgrimage , once always of a sacred character , retains in derived uses something of that sense ; as , a pilgrimage to stratford - on - avon .
prepositions :
a journey from naples to rome ; through mexico ; across the continent ; over the sea ; a journey into asia ; among savages ; by land , by rail , for health , on foot , on the cars , etc .
* * * * *
judge .
synonyms :
arbiter , arbitrator , justice , referee , umpire .
a judge , in the legal sense , is a judicial officer appointed or elected to preside in courts of law , and to decide legal questions duly brought before him ; the name is sometimes given to other legally constituted officers ; as , the judges
of election ; in other relations , any person duly appointed to pass upon the merits of contestants or of competing articles may be called a judge ; as , the judges at an agricultural fair , or at a race - track ; in the widest
sense , any person who has good capacity for judging is called a judge ; as , a person is said to be a judge of pictures , or a good judge of a horse , etc .
in most games the judge is called an umpire ; as , the umpire of a game of ball or cricket .
a referee is appointed by a court to decide disputed matters between litigants ; an arbitrator is chosen by the contending parties to decide matters in dispute without action by a court .
in certain cases an umpire is appointed by a court to decide where arbitrators disagree .
arbiter , with its suggestion of final and absolute decision , has come to be used only in a high or sacred sense ; as , war must now be the arbiter ; the supreme arbiter of our destinies .
the judges of certain courts , as the united states supreme court , are technically known as justices .
* * * * *
justice .
synonyms :
equity , impartiality , legality , rightfulness , fairness , integrity , rectitude , truth , fair play , justness , right , uprightness , faithfulness , law , righteousness , virtue .
honor , lawfulness ,
in its governmental relations , human or divine , justice is the giving to every person exactly what he deserves , not necessarily involving any consideration of what any other may deserve ; equity ( the quality of being equal ) is giving every one as much
advantage , privilege , or consideration as is given to any other ; it is that which is equally right or just to all concerned ; equity is equal justice and is thus a close synonym for fairness and impartiality , but it has a philosophical and
legal precision that those words have not .
in legal proceedings cases arise for which the law has not adequately provided , or in which general provisions , just in the main , would work individual hardship .
the system of equity , devised to supply the insufficiencies of law , deals with cases " to which the law by reason of its universality can not apply . " " equity , then , . . .
is the soul and spirit of all law ; positive law is construed and rational law is made by it . " blackstone bk .
iii , ch .
27 , p .
429 .
in personal and social relations justice is the rendering to every one what is due or merited , whether in act , word , or thought ; in matters of reasoning , or literary work of any kind , justice is close , faithful , unprejudiced ,
and unbiased adherence to essential truth or fact ; we speak of the justice of a statement , or of doing justice to a subject .
integrity , rectitude , right , righteousness and virtue denote conformity of personal conduct to the moral law , and thus necessarily include justice , which is giving others that which is their due .
lawfulness is an ambiguous word , meaning in its narrower sense mere legality , which may be very far from justice , but in its higher sense signifying accordance with the supreme law of right , and thus including perfect justice .
justness refers rather to logical relations than to practical matters ; as , we speak of the justness of a statement or of a criticism .
see judge , n .
antonyms :
dishonesty , inequity , partiality , unlawfulness , untruth , favoritism , injustice , unfairness , unreasonableness , wrong .
prepositions :
the justice of the king ; to or for the oppressed .
* * * * *
keep .
synonyms :
carry , defend , hold , preserve , retain , carry on , detain , maintain , protect , support , celebrate , fulfil , obey , refrain , sustain , conduct , guard , observe , restrain , withhold .
keep , signifying generally to have and retain in possession , is the terse , strong saxon term for many acts which are more exactly discriminated by other words .
we keep , observe , or celebrate a festival ; we keep or hold a prisoner in custody ; we keep or preserve silence , keep the peace , preserve order - - preserve being the more formal word ; we keep or maintain a horse ,
a servant , etc . ; a man supports his family ; we keep or obey a commandment ; keep or fulfil a promise .
in the expressions to keep a secret , keep one's own counsel , keep faith , or keep the faith , such words as preserve or maintain could not be substituted without loss .
a person keeps a shop or store , conducts or carries on a business ; he keeps or carries a certain line of goods ; we may keep or restrain one from folly , crime , or violence ; we keep from or refrain from evil ,
ourselves .
keep in the sense of guard or defend implies that the defense is effectual .
compare celebrate ; restrain .
prepositions :
keep in hand , in mind , in or within the house ; from evil ; out of mischief ; keep to the subject ; keep for a person , an occasion , etc .
* * * * *
kill .
synonyms :
assassinate , despatch , massacre , put to death , slay .
butcher , execute , murder , slaughter ,
to kill is simply to deprive of life , human , animal , or vegetable , with no suggestion of how or why .
assassinate , execute , murder , apply only to the taking of human life ; to murder is to kill with premeditation and malicious intent ; to execute is to kill in fulfilment of a legal sentence ; to assassinate is to kill by assault ; this
word is chiefly applied to the killing of public or eminent persons through alleged political motives , whether secretly or openly .
to slay is to kill by a blow , or by a weapon .
butcher and slaughter apply primarily to the killing of cattle ; massacre is applied primarily and almost exclusively to human beings , signifying to kill them indiscriminately in large numbers ; to massacre is said when there is no chance of successful resistance ; to butcher when
the killing is especially brutal ; soldiers mown down in a hopeless charge are said to be slaughtered when no brutality on the enemy's part is implied .
to despatch is to kill swiftly and in general quietly , always with intention , with or without right .
prepositions :
to kill with or by sword , famine , pestilence , care , grief , etc . ; killed for his money , by a robber , with a dagger .
* * * * *
kin .
synonyms :
affinity , blood , descent , kind , race , alliance , consanguinity , family , kindred , relationship .
birth ,
kind is broader than kin , denoting the most general relationship , as of the whole human species in mankind , humankind , etc . ; kin and kindred denote direct relationship that can be traced through either blood or marriage , preferably the former ; either
of these words may signify collectively all persons of the same blood or members of the same family , relatives or relations .
affinity is relationship by marriage , consanguinity is relationship by blood .
there are no true antonyms of kin or kindred , except those made by negatives , since strangers , aliens , foreigners , and foes may still be kin or kindred .
* * * * *
knowledge .
synonyms :
acquaintance , erudition , learning , recognition , apprehension , experience , light , scholarship , cognition , information , lore , science , cognizance , intelligence , perception , wisdom .
comprehension , intuition ,
knowledge is all that the mind knows , from whatever source derived or obtained , or by whatever process ; the aggregate of facts , truths , or principles acquired or retained by the mind , including alike the intuitions native to the mind and all that
has been learned respecting phenomena , causes , laws , principles , literature , etc .
there is a tendency to regard knowledge as accurate and systematic , and to a certain degree complete .
information is knowledge of fact , real or supposed , derived from persons , books , or observation , and is regarded as casual and haphazard .
we say of a studious man that he has a great store of knowledge , or of an intelligent man of the world , that he has a fund of varied information .
lore is used only in poetic or elevated style , for accumulated knowledge , as of a people or age , or in a more limited sense for learning or erudition .
we speak of perception of external objects , apprehension of intellectual truth .
simple perception gives a limited knowledge of external objects , merely as such ; the cognition of the same objects is a knowledge of them in some relation ; cognizance is the formal or official recognition of something as an object of knowledge ; we take cognizance
of it .
intuition is primary knowledge antecedent to all teaching or reasoning , experience is knowledge that has entered directly into one's own life ; as , a child's experience that fire will burn .
learning is much higher than information , being preeminently wide and systematic knowledge , the result of long , assiduous study ; erudition is recondite learning secured only by extraordinary industry , opportunity , and ability .
compare acquaintance ; education ; science ; wisdom .
antonyms :
ignorance , inexperience , misconception , rudeness , illiteracy , misapprehension , misunderstanding , unfamiliarity .
* * * * *
language .
synonyms :
barbarism , expression , patois , vernacular , dialect , idiom , speech , vocabulary .
diction , mother tongue , tongue ,
language ( f .
langage < l .
lingua , the tongue ) signified originally expression of thought by spoken words , but now in its widest sense it signifies expression of thought by any means ; as , the language of the eyes , the language of flowers .
as regards the use of words , language in its broadest sense denotes all the uttered sounds and their combinations into words and sentences that human beings employ for the communication of thought , and , in a more limited sense , the words or combinations forming
a means of communication among the members of a single nation , people , or race .
speech involves always the power of articulate utterance ; we can speak of the language of animals , but not of their speech .
a tongue is the speech or language of some one people , country , or race .
a dialect is a special mode of speaking a language peculiar to some locality or class , not recognized as in accordance with the best usage ; a barbarism is a perversion of a language by ignorant foreigners , or some usage akin to that .
idiom refers to the construction of phrases and sentences , and the way of forming or using words ; it is the peculiar mold in which each language casts its thought .
the great difficulty of translation is to give the thought expressed in one language in the idiom of another .
a dialect may be used by the highest as well as the lowest within its range ; a patois is distinctly illiterate , belonging to the lower classes ; those who speak a patois understand the cultured form of their own language , but speak only the
degraded form , as in the case of the italian lazzaroni or the former negro slaves in the united states .
vernacular , from the latin , has the same general sense as the saxon mother tongue , of one's native language , or that of a people ; as , the scriptures were translated into the vernacular .
compare diction .
* * * * *
large .
synonyms :
abundant , coarse , gigantic , long , ample , colossal , grand , massive , big , commodious , great , spacious , broad , considerable , huge , vast , bulky , enormous , immense , wide .
capacious , extensive ,
large denotes extension in more than one direction , and beyond the average of the class to which the object belongs ; we speak of a large surface or a large solid , but of a long line ; a large field , a large room ,
a large apple , etc .
a large man is a man of more than ordinary size ; a great man is a man of remarkable mental power .
big is a more emphatic word than large , but of less dignity .
we do not say that george washington was a big man .
antonyms :
brief , limited , minute , scanty , small , diminutive , little , narrow , short , tiny , inconsiderable , mean , paltry , slender , trifling , infinitesimal , microscopic , petty , slight , trivial .
insignificant ,
* * * * *
law .
synonyms :
canon , economy , legislation , principle , code , edict , mandate , regulation , command , enactment , order , rule , commandment , formula , ordinance , statute .
decree , jurisprudence , polity ,
law , in its ideal , is the statement of a principle of right in mandatory form , by competent authority , with adequate penalty for disobedience ; in common use , the term is applied to any legislative act , however imperfect or unjust .
command and commandment are personal and particular ; as , the commands of a parent ; the ten commandments .
an edict is the act of an absolute sovereign or other authority ; we speak of the edict of an emperor , the decree of a court .
a mandate is specific , for an occasion or a purpose ; a superior court issues its mandate to an inferior court to send up its records .
statute is the recognized legal term for a specific law ; enactment is the more vague and general expression .
we speak of algebraic or chemical formulas , municipal ordinances , military orders , army regulations , ecclesiastical canons , the rules of a business house .
law is often used , also , for a recognized principle , whose violation is attended with injury or loss that acts like a penalty ; as , the laws of business ; the laws of nature .
in more strictly scientific use , a natural law is simply a recognized system of sequences or relations ; as , kepler's laws of planetary distances .
a code is a system of laws ; jurisprudence is the science of law , or a system of laws scientifically considered , classed , and interpreted ; legislation , primarily the act of legislating , denotes also the body of statutes enacted by a legislative body
.
an economy ( gr .
oikonomia , primarily the management of a house ) is any comprehensive system of administration ; as , domestic economy ; but the word is extended to the administration or government of a state or people , signifying a body of laws and regulations , with the
entire system , political or religious , especially the latter , of which they form a part ; as , the code of draco , roman jurisprudence , british legislation , the mosaic economy .
law is also used as a collective noun for a system of laws or recognized rules or regulations , including not only all special laws , but the principles on which they are based .
the mosaic economy is known also as the mosaic law , and we speak of the english common law , or the law of nations .
polity ( gr .
politeia , from polis , a city ) signifies the form , constitution , or method of government of a nation , state , church , or other institution ; in usage it differs from economy as applying rather to the system , while economy applies especially
to method , or to the system as administered ; an economy might be termed a polity considered with especial reference to its practical administration , hence commonly with special reference to details or particulars , while polity has more reference to broad principles .
* * * * *
liberty .
synonyms :
emancipation , freedom , independence , license .
in general terms , it may be said that freedom is absolute , liberty relative ; freedom is the absence of restraint , liberty is primarily the removal or avoidance of restraint ; in its broadest sense , it is the state of being exempt from the
domination of others or from restricting circumstances .
freedom and liberty are constantly interchanged ; the slave is set at liberty , or gains his freedom ; but freedom is the nobler word .
independence is said of states or nations , freedom and liberty of individuals ; the independence of the united states did not secure liberty or freedom to its slaves .
liberty keeps quite strictly to the thought of being clear of restraint or compulsion ; freedom takes a wider range , applying to other oppressive influences ; thus , we speak of freedom from annoyance or intrusion .
license is , in its limited sense , a permission or privilege granted by adequate authority , a bounded liberty ; in the wider sense , license is an ignoring and defiance of all that should restrain , and a reckless doing of all that individual caprice
or passion may choose to do - - a base and dangerous counterfeit of freedom .
compare allow ; permission .
antonyms :
captivity , imprisonment , oppression , slavery , compulsion , necessity , serfdom , superstition , constraint , obligation , servitude , thraldom .
* * * * *
light .
synonyms :
blaze , gleam , glow , shimmer , flame , gleaming , illumination , shine , flare , glimmer , incandescence , shining , flash , glistening , luster , sparkle , flicker , glistering , scintillation , twinkle , glare , glitter , sheen , twinkling
.
light , strictly denoting a form of radiant energy , is used as a general term for any luminous effect discernible by the eye , from the faintest phosphorescence to the blaze of the noonday sun .
a flame is both hot and luminous ; if it contains few solid particles it will yield little light , tho it may afford intense heat , as in the case of a hydrogen - flame .
a blaze is an extensive , brilliant flame .
a flare is a wavering flame or blaze ; a flash is a light that appears and disappears in an instant ; as , a flash of lightning ; the flash of gunpowder .
the glare and glow are steady , the glare painfully bright , the glow subdued ; as , the glare of torches ; the glow of dying embers .
shine and shining refer to a steady or continuous emission of light ; sheen is a faint shining , usually by reflection .
glimmer , glitter , and shimmer denote wavering light .
we speak of the glimmer of distant lamps through the mist ; of the shimmer of waves in sunlight or moonlight .
a gleam is not wavering , but transient or intermittent ; a sudden gleam of light came through the half - open door ; a glitter is a hard light ; as , the glitter of burnished arms .
a sparkle is a sudden light , as of sparks thrown out ; scintillation is the more exact and scientific term for the actual emission of sparks , also the figurative term for what suggests such emission ; as , scintillations of wit or of genius .
twinkle and twinkling are used of the intermittent light of the fixed stars .
glistening is a shining as from a wet surface .
illumination is a wide - spread , brilliant light , as when all the windows of a house or of a street are lighted .
the light of incandescence is intense and white like that from metal at a white heat .
antonyms :
blackness , darkness , dusk , gloominess , shade , dark , dimness , gloom , obscurity , shadow .
* * * * *
likely .
synonyms :
apt , conceivable , liable , probable , credible , conjectural , presumable , reasonable .
apt implies a natural fitness or tendency ; an impetuous person is apt to speak hastily .
liable refers to a contingency regarded as unfavorable ; as , the ship was liable to founder at any moment .
likely refers to a contingent event regarded as very probable , and usually , tho not always , favorable ; as , an industrious worker is likely to succeed .
credible signifies readily to be believed ; as , a credible narrative ; likely in such connection is used ironically to signify the reverse ; as , a likely story !
a thing is conceivable of which the mind can entertain the possibility ; a thing is conjectural which is conjectured as possible or probable without other support than a conjecture , or tentative judgment ; a thing is presumable which , from what is antecedently known ,
may betaken for granted in advance of proof .
reasonable in this connection signifies such as the reason can be satisfied with , independently of external grounds for belief or disbelief ; as , that seems a reasonable supposition .
compare apparent .
antonyms :
doubtful , improbable , questionable , unreasonable .
dubious , incredible , unlikely ,
* * * * *
listen .
synonyms :
attend , hark , harken , hear , heed , list .
between listen and hear is a difference like that between the words look and see .
( compare synonyms for look . ) to hear is simply to become conscious of sound , to listen is to make a conscious effort or endeavor to hear .
we may hear without listening , as words suddenly uttered in an adjoining room ; or we may listen without hearing , as to a distant speaker .
in listening the ear is intent upon the sound ; in attending the mind is intent upon the thought , tho listening implies some attention to the meaning or import of the sound .
to heed is not only to attend , but to remember and observe .
harken is nearly obsolete .
antonyms :
be deaf to , ignore , neglect , scorn , slight .
prepositions :
we listen for what we expect or desire to hear ; we listen to what we actually do hear ; listen for a step , a signal , a train ; listen to the debate .
* * * * *
literature .
synonyms :
belles - lettres , literary productions , publications , books , literary works , writings .
literature is collective , including in the most general sense all the written or printed productions of the human mind in all lands and ages , or in a more limited sense , referring to all that has been published in some land or age , or
in some department of human knowledge ; as , the literature of greece ; the literature of the augustan age ; the literature of politics or of art .
literature , used absolutely , denotes what has been called " polite literature " or belles - lettres , i .
e . , the works collectively that embody taste , feeling , loftiness of thought , and purity and beauty of style , as poetry , history , fiction , and dramatic compositions , including also much of philosophical writing , as the " republic " of
plato , and oratorical productions , as the orations of demosthenes .
in the broad sense , we can speak of the literature of science ; in the narrower sense , we speak of literature and science as distinct departments of knowledge .
literature is also used to signify literary pursuits or occupations ; as , to devote one's life to literature .
compare knowledge ; science .
* * * * *
load , n .
synonyms :
burden , charge , encumbrance , incubus , pack , cargo , clog , freight , lading , weight .
a burden ( from the anglo - saxon byrthen , from the verb beran , bear ) is what one has to bear , and the word is used always of that which is borne by a living agent .
a load ( from the anglo - saxon l [ = a ] d , a way , course , carrying , or carriage ) is what is laid upon a person , animal , or vehicle for conveyance , or what is customarily so imposed ;
as , a two - horse load .
weight measures the pressure due to gravity ; the same weight that one finds a moderate load when in his full strength becomes a heavy burden in weariness or weakness .
a ship's load is called distinctively a cargo , or it may be known as freight or lading .
freight denotes merchandise in or for transportation and is used largely of transportation or of merchandise transported by rail , which is , in commercial language , said to be " shipped . " a load to be fastened upon a horse or mule is called a
pack , and the animal is known as a pack - horse or pack - mule .
* * * * *
lock .
synonyms :
bar , catch , fastening , hook , bolt , clasp , hasp , latch .
a bar is a piece of wood or metal , usually of considerable size , by which an opening is obstructed , a door held fast , etc .
a bar may be movable or permanent ; a bolt is a movable rod or pin of metal , sliding in a socket and adapted for securing a door or window .
a lock is an arrangement by which an enclosed bolt is shot forward or backward by a key , or other device ; the bolt is the essential part of the lock .
a latch or catch is an accessible fastening designed to be easily movable , and simply to secure against accidental opening of the door , cover , etc .
a hasp is a metallic strap that fits over a staple , calculated to be secured by a padlock ; a simple hook that fits into a staple is also called a hasp .
a clasp is a fastening that can be sprung into place , to draw and hold the parts of some enclosing object firmly together , as the clasp of a book .
* * * * *
look .
synonyms :
behold , discern , inspect , see , view , contemplate , gaze , regard , stare , watch .
descry , glance , scan , survey ,
to see is simply to become conscious of an object of vision ; to look is to make a conscious and direct endeavor to see .
to behold is to fix the sight and the mind with distinctness and consideration upon something that has come to be clearly before the eyes .
we may look without seeing , as in pitch - darkness , and we may see without looking , as in case of a flash of lightning .
to gaze is to look intently , long , and steadily upon an object .
to glance is to look casually or momentarily .
to stare is to look with a fixed intensity such as is the effect of surprise , alarm , or rudeness .
to scan is to look at minutely , to note every visible feature .
to inspect is to go below the surface , uncover , study item by item .
view and survey are comprehensive , survey expressing the greater exactness of measurement or estimate .
watch brings in the element of time and often of wariness ; we watch for a movement or change , a signal , the approach of an enemy , etc .
compare appear .
* * * * *
love .
synonyms :
affection , charity , friendship , regard , attachment , devotion , liking , tenderness .
attraction , fondness ,
affection is kindly feeling , deep , tender , and constant , going out to some person or object , being less fervent and ardent than love , whether applied to persons or things .
love is an intense and absorbing emotion , drawing one toward a person or object and causing one to appreciate , delight in , and crave the presence or possession of the person or object loved , and to desire to please and benefit the person ,
or to advance the cause , truth , or other object of affection ; it is the yearning or outgoing of soul toward something that is regarded as excellent , beautiful , or desirable ; love may be briefly defined as strong and absorbing affection for and
attraction toward a person or object .
love may denote the sublimest and holiest spiritual affection as when we are taught that " god is love . " charity has so far swung aside from this original meaning that probably it never can be recalled ( compare benevolence ) .
the revised version uses love in place of charity in 1 cor .
xiii , and elsewhere .
love is more intense , absorbing , and tender than friendship , more intense , impulsive , and perhaps passionate than affection ; we speak of fervent love , but of deep or tender affection , or of close , firm , strong friendship .
love is used specifically for personal affection between the sexes in the highest sense , the love that normally leads to marriage , and subsists throughout all happy wedded life .
love can never properly denote mere animal passion , which is expressed by such words as appetite , desire , lust .
one may properly be said to have love for animals , for inanimate objects , or for abstract qualities that enlist the affections , as we speak of love for a horse or a dog , for mountains , woods , ocean , or of love of
nature , and love of virtue .
love of articles of food is better expressed by liking , as love , in its full sense , expresses something spiritual and reciprocal , such as can have no place in connection with objects that minister merely to the senses .
compare attachment ; friendship .
antonyms :
see synonyms for antipathy ; enmity ; hatred .
prepositions :
love of country ; for humanity ; love to god and man .
* * * * *
make .
synonyms :
become , constrain , fabricate , manufacture , bring about , construct , fashion , occasion , bring into being , create , force , perform , bring to pass , do , frame , reach , cause , effect , get , render , compel ,
establish , make out , require , compose , execute , make up , shape .
constitute ,
make is essentially causative ; to the idea of cause all its various senses may be traced ( compare synonyms for cause ) .
to make is to cause to exist , or to cause to exist in a certain form or in certain relations ; the word thus includes the idea of create , as in gen .
i , 31 , " and god saw everything that he had made , and , behold , it was very good . " make includes also the idea of compose , constitute ; as , the parts make up the whole .
similarly , to cause a voluntary agent to do a certain act is to make him do it , or compel him to do it , compel fixing the attention more on the process , make on the accomplished fact .
compare compel ; do ; influence ; ( make better ) amend ; ( make haste ) quicken ; ( make known ) announce ; avow ; confess ; ( make prisoner ) arrest ; ( make up ) add ; ( make void ) cancel .
antonyms :
see synonyms for abolish ; break ; demolish .
prepositions :
make of , out of , or from certain materials , into a certain form , for a certain purpose or person ; made with hands , by hand ; made by a prisoner , with a jack - knife .
* * * * *
marriage .
synonyms :
conjugal union , espousals , nuptials , spousals , wedding , espousal , matrimony , spousal , union , wedlock .
matrimony denotes the state of those who are united in the relation of husband and wife ; marriage denotes primarily the act of so uniting , but is extensively used for the state as well .
wedlock , a word of specific legal use , is the saxon term for the state or relation denoted by matrimony .
wedding denotes the ceremony , with any attendant festivities , by which two persons are united as husband and wife , nuptials being the more formal and stately term to express the same idea .
antonyms :
bachelorhood , celibacy , divorce , maidenhood , virginity , widowhood .
prepositions :
marriage of or between two persons ; of one person to or with another ; among the greeks .
* * * * *
masculine .
synonyms :
male , manful , manlike , manly , mannish , virile .
we apply male to the sex , masculine to the qualities , especially to the stronger , hardier , and more imperious qualities that distinguish the male sex ; as applied to women , masculine has often the depreciatory sense of unwomanly , rude , or harsh
; as , a masculine face or voice , or the like ; tho one may say in a commendatory way , she acted with masculine courage or decision .
manlike may mean only having the outward appearance or semblance of a man , or may be closely equivalent to manly .
manly refers to all the qualities and traits worthy of a man ; manful , especially to the valor and prowess that become a man ; we speak of a manful struggle , manly decision ; we say manly gentleness or tenderness ; we could not say
manful tenderness .
mannish is a depreciatory word referring to the mimicry or parade of some superficial qualities of manhood ; as , a mannish boy or woman .
masculine may apply to the distinctive qualities of the male sex at any age ; virile applies to the distinctive qualities of mature manhood only , as opposed not only to feminine or womanly but to childish , and is thus an emphatic word for sturdy ,
intrepid , etc .
antonyms :
see synonyms for feminine .
* * * * *
massacre .
synonyms :
butchery , carnage , havoc , slaughter .
a massacre is the indiscriminate killing in numbers of the unresisting or defenseless ; butchery is the killing of men rudely and ruthlessly as cattle are killed in the shambles .
havoc may not be so complete as massacre , nor so coldly brutal as butchery , but is more widely spread and furious ; it is destruction let loose , and may be applied to organizations , interests , etc . , as well as to human
life ; " as for saul , he made havoc of the church , " acts viii , 3 .
carnage ( latin caro , carnis , flesh ) refers to widely scattered or heaped up corpses of the slain ; slaughter is similar in meaning , but refers more to the process , as carnage does to the result ; these two words only of the
group may be used of great destruction of life in open and honorable battle , as when we say the enemy was repulsed with great slaughter , or the carnage was terrible .
* * * * *
meddlesome .
synonyms :
impertinent , intrusive , meddling , obtrusive , officious .
the meddlesome person interferes unasked in the affairs of others ; the intrusive person thrusts himself uninvited into their company or conversation ; the obtrusive person thrusts himself or his opinions conceitedly and undesirably upon their notice ; the officious person thrusts his services , unasked and
undesired , upon others .
obtrusive is oftener applied to words , qualities , actions , etc . , than to persons ; intrusive is used chiefly of persons , as is officious , tho we speak of officious attentions , intrusive remarks ; meddlesome is used indifferently of persons , or
of words , qualities , actions , etc .
compare inquisitive ; interpose .
antonyms :
modest , reserved , retiring , shy , unassuming , unobtrusive .
* * * * *
melody .
synonyms :
harmony , music , symphony , unison .
harmony is simultaneous ; melody is successive ; harmony is the pleasing correspondence of two or more notes sounded at once , melody the pleasing succession of a number of notes continuously following one another .
a melody may be wholly in one part ; harmony must be of two or more parts .
accordant notes of different pitch sounded simultaneously produce harmony ; unison is the simultaneous sounding of two or more notes of the same pitch .
when the pitch is the same , there may be unison between sounds of very different volume and quality , as a voice and a bell may sound in unison .
tones sounded at the interval of an octave are also said to be in unison , altho this is not literally exact ; this usage arises from the fact that bass and tenor voices in attempting to sound the same note as the soprano and alto will
in fact sound a note an octave below .
music may denote the simplest melody or the most complex and perfect harmony .
a symphony ( apart from its technical orchestral sense ) is any pleasing consonance of musical sounds , vocal or instrumental , as of many accordant voices or instruments .
* * * * *
memory .
synonyms :
recollection , reminiscence , retrospect , retrospection .
remembrance ,
memory is the faculty by which knowledge is retained or recalled ; in a more general sense , memory is a retention of knowledge within the grasp of the mind , while remembrance is the having what is known consciously before the mind .
remembrance may be voluntary or involuntary ; a thing is brought to remembrance or we call it to remembrance ; the same is true of memory .
recollection involves volition , the mind making a distinct effort to recall something , or fixing the attention actively upon it when recalled .
reminiscence is a half - dreamy memory of scenes or events long past ; retrospection is a distinct turning of the mind back upon the past , bringing long periods under survey .
retrospection is to reminiscence much what recollection is to remembrance .
antonyms :
forgetfulness , oblivion , obliviousness , oversight , unconsciousness .
* * * * *
mercy .
synonyms :
benevolence , favor , kindness , mildness , benignity , forbearance , lenience , pardon , blessing , forgiveness , leniency , pity , clemency , gentleness , lenity , tenderness .
compassion , grace ,
mercy is the exercise of less severity than one deserves , or in a more extended sense , the granting of kindness or favor beyond what one may rightly claim .
grace is favor , kindness , or blessing shown to the undeserving ; forgiveness , mercy , and pardon are exercised toward the ill - deserving .
pardon remits the outward penalty which the offender deserves ; forgiveness dismisses resentment or displeasure from the heart of the one offended ; mercy seeks the highest possible good of the offender .
there may be mercy without pardon , as in the mitigation of sentence , or in all possible alleviation of necessary severity ; there may be cases where pardon would not be mercy , since it would encourage to repetition of the offense , from which timely
punishment might have saved .
mercy is also used in the wider sense of refraining from harshness or cruelty toward those who are in one's power without fault of their own ; as , they besought the robber to have mercy .
clemency is a colder word than mercy , and without its religious associations , signifying mildness and moderation in the use of power where severity would have legal or military , rather than moral sanction ; it often denotes a habitual mildness of disposition on the part
of the powerful , and is matter rather of good nature or policy than of principle .
leniency or lenity denotes an easy - going avoidance of severity ; these words are more general and less magisterial than clemency ; we should speak of the leniency of a parent , the clemency of a conqueror .
compare pity .
antonyms :
cruelty , implacability , punishment , rigor , sternness , hardness , justice , revenge , severity , vengeance .
harshness , penalty ,
prepositions :
the mercy of god to or toward sinners ; have mercy on or upon one .
* * * * *
meter .
synonyms :
euphony , measure , rhythm , verse .
euphony is agreeable linguistic sound , however produced ; meter , measure , and rhythm denote agreeable succession of sounds in the utterance of connected words ; euphony may apply to a single word or even a single syllable ; the other words apply to lines ,
sentences , paragraphs , etc . ; rhythm and meter may be produced by accent only , as in english , or by accent and quantity combined , as in greek or italian ; rhythm or measure may apply either to prose or to poetry , or
to music , dancing , etc . ; meter is more precise than rhythm , applies only to poetry , and denotes a measured rhythm with regular divisions into verses , stanzas , strophes , etc .
a verse is strictly a metrical line , but the word is often used as synonymous with stanza .
verse , in the general sense , denotes metrical writing without reference to the thought involved ; as , prose and verse .
compare melody ; poetry .
* * * * *
mind .
synonyms :
brain , instinct , reason , spirit , consciousness , intellect , sense , thought , disposition , intelligence , soul , understanding .
mind , in a general sense , includes all the powers of sentient being apart from the physical factors in bodily faculties and activities ; in a limited sense , mind is nearly synonymous with intellect , but includes disposition , or the tendency toward action ,
as appears in the phrase " to have a mind to work . " as the seat of mental activity , brain ( colloquially brains ) is often used as a synonym for mind , intellect , intelligence .
thought , the act , process , or power of thinking , is often used to denote the thinking faculty , and especially the reason .
the instinct of animals is now held by many philosophers to be of the same nature as the intellect of man , but inferior and limited ; yet the apparent difference is very great .
an instinct is a propensity prior to experience and independent of instruction .
paley natural philosophy ch .
18 .
in this sense we speak of human instincts , thus denoting tendencies independent of reasoning or instruction .
the soul includes the intellect , sensibilities , and will ; beyond what is expressed by the word mind , the soul denotes especially the moral , the immortal nature ; we say of a dead body , the soul ( not the mind ) has fled
.
spirit is used especially in contradistinction from matter ; it may in many cases be substituted for soul , but soul has commonly a fuller and more determinate meaning ; we can conceive of spirits as having no moral nature ; the fairies , elves , and
brownies of mythology might be termed spirits , but not souls .
in the figurative sense , spirit denotes animation , excitability , perhaps impatience ; as , a lad of spirit ; he sang with spirit ; he replied with spirit .
soul denotes energy and depth of feeling , as when we speak of soulful eyes ; or it may denote the very life of anything ; as , " the hidden soul of harmony , " milton l'allegro l .
144 .
sense may be an antonym of intellect , as when we speak of the sense of hearing ; but sense is used also as denoting clear mental action , good judgment , acumen ; as , he is a man of sense , or , he showed
good sense ; sense , even in its material signification , must be reckoned among the activities of mind , tho dependent on bodily functions ; the mind , not the eye , really sees ; the mind , not the ear , really hears .
consciousness includes all that a sentient being perceives , knows , thinks , or feels , from whatever source arising and of whatever character , kind , or degree , whether with or without distinct thinking , feeling , or willing ; we speak of the consciousness
of the brute , of the savage , or of the sage .
the intellect is that assemblage of faculties which is concerned with knowledge , as distinguished from emotion and volition .
understanding is the saxon word of the same general import , but is chiefly used of the reasoning powers ; the understanding , which sir wm .
hamilton has called " the faculty of relations and comparisons , " is distinguished by many philosophers from reason in that " reason is the faculty of the higher cognitions or a priori truth . "
antonyms :
body , brawn , brute force , material substance , matter .
* * * * *
minute .
synonyms :
circumstantial , diminutive , little , slender , comminuted , exact , particular , small , critical , fine , precise , tiny .
detailed ,
that is minute which is of exceedingly limited dimensions , as a grain of dust , or which attends to matters of exceedingly slight amount or apparent importance ; as , a minute account ; minute observation .
that which is broken up into minute particles is said to be comminuted ; things may be termed fine which would not be termed comminuted ; as , fine sand ; fine gravel ; but , in using the adverb , we say a substance is finely
comminuted , comminuted referring more to the process , fine to the result .
an account extended to very minute particulars is circumstantial , detailed , particular ; an examination so extended is critical , exact , precise .
compare fine .
antonyms :
see synonyms for large .
* * * * *
misfortune .
synonyms :
adversity , disappointment , ill fortune , ruin , affliction , disaster , ill luck , sorrow , bereavement , distress , misadventure , stroke , blow , failure , mischance , trial , calamity , hardship , misery , tribulation , chastening , harm , mishap
, trouble , chastisement , ill , reverse , visitation .
misfortune is adverse fortune or any instance thereof , any untoward event , usually of lingering character or consequences , and such as the sufferer is not deemed directly responsible for ; as , he had the misfortune to be born blind .
any considerable disappointment , failure , or misfortune , as regards outward circumstances , as loss of fortune , position , and the like , when long continued or attended with enduring consequences , constitutes adversity .
for the loss of friends by death we commonly use affliction or bereavement .
calamity and disaster are used of sudden and severe misfortunes , often overwhelming ; ill fortune and ill luck , of lighter troubles and failures .
we speak of the misery of the poor , the hardships of the soldier .
affliction , chastening , trial , and tribulation have all an especially religious bearing , suggesting some disciplinary purpose of god with beneficent design .
affliction may be keen and bitter , but brief ; tribulation is long and wearing .
we speak of an affliction , but rarely of a tribulation , since tribulation is viewed as a continuous process , which may endure for years or for a lifetime ; but we speak of our daily trials .
compare catastrophe .
antonyms :
blessing , consolation , gratification , pleasure , success , boon , good fortune , happiness , prosperity , triumph .
comfort , good luck , joy , relief ,
* * * * *
mob .
synonyms :
canaille , dregs of the people , masses , rabble , crowd , lower classes , populace , the vulgar .
the populace are poor and ignorant , but may be law - abiding ; a mob is disorderly and lawless , but may be rich and influential .
the rabble is despicable , worthless , purposeless ; a mob may have effective desperate purpose .
a crowd may be drawn by mere curiosity ; some strong , pervading excitement is needed to make it a mob .
compare people .
* * * * *
model .
synonyms :
archetype , facsimile , original , representation , copy , image , pattern , standard , design , imitation , prototype , type .
example , mold ,
a pattern is always , in modern use , that which is to be copied ; a model may be either the thing to be copied or the copy that has been made from it ; as , the models in the patent office .
a pattern is commonly superficial ; a model is usually in relief .
a pattern must be closely followed in its minutest particulars by a faithful copyist ; a model may allow a great degree of freedom .
a sculptor may idealize his living model ; his workmen must exactly copy in marble or metal the model he has made in clay .
compare example ; idea ; ideal .
* * * * *
modesty .
synonyms :
backwardness , constraint , reserve , timidity , bashfulness , coyness , shyness , unobtrusiveness .
coldness , diffidence ,
bashfulness is a shrinking from notice without assignable reason .
coyness is a half encouragement , half avoidance of offered attention , and may be real or affected .
diffidence is self - distrust ; modesty , a humble estimate of oneself in comparison with others , or with the demands of some undertaking .
modesty has also the specific meaning of a sensitive shrinking from anything indelicate .
shyness is a tendency to shrink from observation ; timidity , a distinct fear of criticism , error , or failure .
reserve is the holding oneself aloof from others , or holding back one's feelings from expression , or one's affairs from communication to others .
reserve may be the retreat of shyness , or , on the other hand , the contemptuous withdrawal of pride and haughtiness .
compare abash ; pride ; taciturn .
antonyms :
abandon , confidence , haughtiness , pertness , arrogance , egotism , impudence , sauciness , assumption , forwardness , indiscretion , self - conceit , assurance , frankness , loquaciousness , self - sufficiency , boldness , freedom , loquacity , sociability .
conceit ,
* * * * *
money .
synonyms :
bills , cash , funds , property , bullion , coin , gold , silver , capital , currency , notes , specie .
money is the authorized medium of exchange ; coined money is called coin or specie .
what are termed in england bank - notes are in the united states commonly called bills ; as , a five - dollar bill .
the notes of responsible men are readily transferable in commercial circles , but they are not money ; as , the stock was sold for $ 500 in money and the balance in merchantable paper .
cash is specie or money in hand , or paid in hand ; as , the cash account ; the cash price .
in the legal sense , property is not money , and money is not property ; for property is that which has inherent value , while money , as such , has but representative value , and may or may not have intrinsic value .
bullion is either gold or silver uncoined , or the coined metal considered without reference to its coinage , but simply as merchandise , when its value as bullion may be very different from its value as money .
the word capital is used chiefly of accumulated property or money invested in productive enterprises or available for such investment .
* * * * *
morose .
synonyms :
acrimonious , dogged , ill - natured , splenetic , churlish , gloomy , severe , sulky , crabbed , gruff , snappish , sullen , crusty , ill - humored , sour , surly .
the sullen and sulky are discontented and resentful in regard to that against which they are too proud to protest , or consider all protest vain ; sullen denotes more of pride , sulky more of resentful obstinacy .
the morose are bitterly dissatisfied with the world in general , and disposed to vent their ill nature upon others .
the sullen and sulky are for the most part silent ; the morose growl out bitter speeches .
a surly person is in a state of latent anger , resenting approach as intrusion , and ready to take offense at anything ; thus we speak of a surly dog .
sullen and sulky moods may be transitory ; one who is morose or surly is commonly so by disposition or habit .
antonyms :
amiable , complaisant , gentle , kind , pleasant , benignant , friendly , good - natured , loving , sympathetic , bland , genial , indulgent , mild , tender .
* * * * *
motion .
synonyms :
act , change , movement , process , transition .
action , move , passage , transit ,
motion is change of place or position in space ; transition is a passing from one point or position in space to another .
motion may be either abstract or concrete , more frequently the former ; movement is always concrete , that is , considered in connection with the thing that moves or is moved ; thus , we speak of the movements of the planets , but of the
laws of planetary motion ; of military movements , but of perpetual motion .
move is used chiefly of contests or competition , as in chess or politics ; as , it is your move ; a shrewd move of the opposition .
action is a more comprehensive word than motion .
we now rarely speak of mental or spiritual motions , but rather of mental or spiritual acts or processes , or of the laws of mental action , but a formal proposal of action in a deliberative assembly is termed a motion .
compare act .
antonyms :
immobility , quiescence , quiet , repose , rest , stillness .
* * * * *
mourn .
synonyms :
bemoan , deplore , lament , regret , rue , sorrow .
bewail , grieve ,
to mourn is to feel or express sadness or distress because of some loss , affliction , or misfortune ; mourning is thought of as prolonged , grief or regret may be transient .
one may grieve or mourn , regret , rue , or sorrow without a sound ; he bemoans with suppressed and often inarticulate sounds of grief ; he bewails with passionate utterance , whether of inarticulate cries or of spoken words .
he laments in plaintive or pathetic words , as the prophet jeremiah in his " lamentations . " one deplores with settled sorrow which may or may not find relief in words .
one is made to rue an act by some misfortune resulting , or by some penalty or vengeance inflicted because of it .
one regrets a slight misfortune or a hasty word ; he sorrows over the death of a friend .
antonyms :
be joyful , exult , joy , make merry , rejoice , triumph .
* * * * *
mutual .
synonyms :
common , correlative , interchangeable , joint , reciprocal .
that is common to which two or more persons have the same or equal claims , or in which they have equal interest or participation ; in the strictest sense , that is mutual ( latin mutare , to change ) which is freely interchanged ; that
is reciprocal in respect to which one act or movement is met by a corresponding act or movement in return ; we speak of our common country , mutual affection , reciprocal obligations , the reciprocal action of cause and effect , where the effect becomes in
turn a cause .
many good writers hold it incorrect to say " a mutual friend , " and insist that " a common friend " would be more accurate ; but " common friend " is practically never used , because of the disagreeable suggestion that attaches to common ,
of ordinary or inferior .
" mutual friend " has high literary authority ( of burke , scott , dickens , and others ) , and a considerable usage of good society in its favor , the expression being quite naturally derived from the thoroughly correct phrase mutual friendship .
antonyms :
detached , distinct , separated , unconnected , unrequited , disconnected , disunited , severed , unreciprocated , unshared .
dissociated , separate , sundered ,
* * * * *
mysterious .
synonyms :
abstruse , inexplicable , recondite , cabalistic , inscrutable , secret , dark , mystic , transcendental , enigmatical , mystical , unfathomable , hidden , obscure , unfathomed , incomprehensible , occult , unknown .
that is mysterious in the true sense which is beyond human comprehension , as the decrees of god or the origin of life .
that is mystic or mystical which has associated with it some hidden or recondite meaning , especially of a religious kind ; as , the mystic babylon of the apocalypse .
that is dark which we can not personally see through , especially if sadly perplexing ; as , a dark providence .
that is secret which is intentionally hidden .
compare dark .
antonyms :
see synonyms for clear .
* * * * *
name .
synonyms :
agnomen , denomination , prenomen , surname , appellation , designation , style , title .
cognomen , epithet ,
name in the most general sense , signifying the word by which a person or thing is called or known , includes all other words of this group ; in this sense every noun is a name ; in the more limited sense a name is personal
, an appellation is descriptive , a title is official .
in the phrase william the conqueror , king of england , william is the man's name , which belongs to him personally , independently of any rank or achievement ; conqueror is the appellation which he won by his acquisition of england ; king is the title
denoting his royal rank .
an epithet ( gr .
epitheton , something added , from epi , on , and tithemi , put ) is something placed upon a person or thing ; the epithet does not strictly belong to an object like a name , but is given to mark some assumed characteristic , good
or bad ; an epithet is always an adjective , or a word or phrase used as an adjective , and is properly used to emphasize a characteristic but not to add information , as in the phrase " the sounding sea ; " the idea that
an epithet is always opprobrious , and that any word used opprobriously is an epithet is a popular error .
designation may be used much in the sense of appellation , but is more distinctive or specific in meaning ; a designation properly so called rests upon some inherent quality , while an appellation may be fanciful .
among the romans the prenomen was the individual part of a man's name , the " nomen " designated the gens to which he belonged , the cognomen showed his family and was borne by all patricians , and the agnomen was added to refer to his
achievements or character .
when scientists name an animal or a plant , they give it a binary or binomial technical name comprising a generic and a specific appellation .
in modern use , a personal name , as john or mary , is given in infancy , and is often called the given name or christian name , or simply the first name ( rarely the prenomen ) ; the cognomen or surname is the family
name which belongs to one by right of birth or marriage .
style is the legal designation by which a person or house is known in official or business relations ; as , the name and style of baring brothers .
the term denomination is applied to a separate religious organization , without the opprobrious meaning attaching to the word " sect ; " also , to designate any class of like objects collectively , especially money or notes of a certain value ; as , the sum
was in notes of the denomination of one thousand dollars .
compare term .
* * * * *
native .
synonyms :
indigenous , innate , natal , natural , original .
native denotes that which belongs to one by birth ; natal that which pertains to the event of birth ; natural denotes that which rests upon inherent qualities of character or being .
we speak of one's native country , or of his natal day ; of natural ability , native genius .
compare inherent ; primeval ; radical .
antonyms :
acquired , alien , artificial , assumed , foreign , unnatural .
* * * * *
nautical .
synonyms :
marine , maritime , naval , ocean , oceanic .
marine ( l .
mare , sea ) signifies belonging to the ocean , maritime , a secondary derivative from the same root , bordering on or connected with the ocean ; as , marine products ; marine animals ; maritime nations ; maritime laws .
nautical ( gr .
nautes , a sailor ) denotes primarily anything connected with sailors , and hence with ships or navigation ; naval ( l .
navis , gr .
naus , a ship ) refers to the armed force of a nation on the sea , and , by extension , to similar forces on lakes and rivers ; as , a naval force ; a nautical almanac .
ocean , used adjectively , is applied to that which belongs to or is part of the ocean ; oceanic may be used in the same sense , but is especially applied to that which borders on ( or upon ) or is connected with , or
which is similar to or suggestive of an ocean ; we speak of ocean currents , oceanic islands , or , perhaps , of an oceanic intellect .
* * * * *
neat .
synonyms :
clean , dapper , nice , prim , tidy , cleanly , natty , orderly , spruce , trim .
that which is clean is simply free from soil or defilement of any kind .
things are orderly when in due relation to other things ; a room or desk is orderly when every article is in place ; a person is orderly who habitually keeps things so .
tidy denotes that which conforms to propriety in general ; an unlaced shoe may be perfectly clean , but is not tidy .
neat refers to that which is clean and tidy with nothing superfluous , conspicuous , or showy , as when we speak of plain but neat attire ; the same idea of freedom from the superfluous appears in the phrases " a neat speech , " "
a neat turn , " " a neat reply , " etc .
a clean cut has no ragged edges ; a neat stroke just does what is intended .
nice is stronger than neat , implying value and beauty ; a cheap , coarse dress may be perfectly neat , but would not be termed nice .
spruce is applied to the show and affectation of neatness with a touch of smartness , and is always a term of mild contempt ; as , a spruce serving man .
trim denotes a certain shapely and elegant firmness , often with suppleness and grace ; as , a trim suit ; a trim figure .
prim applies to a precise , formal , affected nicety .
dapper is spruce with the suggestion of smallness and slightness ; natty , a diminutive of neat , suggests minute elegance , with a tendency toward the exquisite ; as , a dapper little fellow in a natty business suit .
antonyms :
dirty , negligent , slouchy , uncared for , disorderly , rough , slovenly , unkempt , dowdy , rude , soiled , untidy .
* * * * *
necessary .
synonyms :
essential , infallible , required , unavoidable , indispensable , needed , requisite , undeniable .
inevitable , needful ,
that is necessary which must exist , occur , or be true ; which in the nature of things can not be otherwise .
that which is essential belongs to the essence of a thing , so that the thing can not exist in its completeness without it ; that which is indispensable may be only an adjunct , but it is one that can not be spared ; vigorous health
is essential to an arctic explorer ; warm clothing is indispensable .
that which is requisite ( or required ) is so in the judgment of the person requiring it , but may not be so absolutely ; thus , the requisite is more a matter of personal feeling than the indispensable .
inevitable ( l .
in , not , and evito , shun ) is primarily the exact equivalent of the saxon unavoidable ; both words are applied to things which some at least would escape or prevent , while that which is necessary may meet with no objection ; food is
necessary , death is inevitable ; a necessary conclusion satisfies a thinker ; an inevitable conclusion silences opposition .
an infallible proof is one that necessarily leads the mind to a sound conclusion .
needed and needful are more concrete than necessary , and respect an end to be attained ; we speak of a necessary inference ; necessary food is what one can not live without , while needful food is that without which he can not enjoy comfort ,
health , and strength .
antonyms :
casual , needless , optional , useless , contingent , non - essential , unnecessary , worthless .
prepositions :
necessary to a sequence or a total ; for or to a result or a person ; unity is necessary to ( to constitute ) completeness ; decision is necessary for command , or for a commander .
* * * * *
necessity .
synonyms :
compulsion , fatality , requisite , destiny , fate , sine qua non , emergency , indispensability , unavoidableness , essential , indispensableness , urgency , exigency , need , want .
extremity , requirement ,
necessity is the quality of being necessary , or the quality of that which can not but be , become , or be true , or be accepted as true .
need and want always imply a lack ; necessity may be used in this sense , but in the higher philosophical sense necessity simply denotes the exclusion of any alternative either in thought or fact ; righteousness is a necessity ( not a need ) of the
divine nature .
need suggests the possibility of supplying the deficiency which want expresses ; to speak of a person's want of decision merely points out a weakness in his character ; to say that he has need of decision implies that he can exercise or attain it .
as applied to a deficiency , necessity is more imperative than need ; a weary person is in need of rest ; when rest becomes a necessity he has no choice but to stop work .
an essential is something , as a quality , or element , that belongs to the essence of something else so as to be inseparable from it in its normal condition , or in any complete idea or statement of it .
compare necessary ; predestination .
antonyms :
choice , doubt , dubiousness , freedom , possibility , contingency , doubtfulness , fortuity , option , uncertainty .
prepositions :
the necessity of surrender ; a necessity for action ; this is a necessity to me .
* * * * *
neglect .
synonyms :
carelessness , heedlessness , negligence , scorn , default , inadvertence , omission , slackness , disregard , inattention , oversight , slight , disrespect , indifference , remissness , thoughtlessness .
failure , neglectfulness ,
neglect ( l .
nec , not , and lego , gather ) is the failing to take such care , show such attention , pay such courtesy , etc . , as may be rightfully or reasonably expected .
negligence , which is the same in origin , may be used in almost the same sense , but with a slighter force , as when whittier speaks of " the negligence which friendship loves ; " but negligence is often used to denote the quality or
trait of character of which the act is a manifestation , or to denote the habit of neglecting that which ought to be done .
neglect is transitive , negligence is intransitive ; we speak of neglect of his books , friends , or duties , in which cases we could not use negligence ; negligence in dress implies want of care as to its arrangement , tidiness , etc . ;
neglect of one's garments would imply leaving them exposed to defacement or injury , as by dust , moths , etc .
neglect has a passive sense which negligence has not ; the child was suffering from neglect , i .
e . , from being neglected by others ; the child was suffering from negligence would imply that he himself was neglectful .
the distinction sometimes made that neglect denotes the act , and negligence the habit , is but partially true ; one may be guilty of habitual neglect of duty ; the wife may suffer from her husband's constant neglect , while the negligence which causes a railroad
accident may be that of a moment , and on the part of one ordinarily careful and attentive ; in such cases the law provides punishment for criminal negligence .
antonyms :
see synonyms for care .
prepositions :
neglect of duty , of the child by the parent ; there was neglect on the part of the teacher .
* * * * *
new .
synonyms :
fresh , modern , new - made , upstart , juvenile , new - fangled , novel , young , late , new - fashioned , recent , youthful .
that which is new has lately come into existence , possession , or use ; a new house is just built , or in a more general sense is one that has just come into the possession of the present owner or occupant .
modern denotes that which has begun to exist in the present age , and is still existing ; recent denotes that which has come into existence within a comparatively brief period , and may or may not be existing still .
modern history pertains to any period since the middle ages ; modern literature , modern architecture , etc . , are not strikingly remote from the styles and types prevalent to - day .
that which is late is somewhat removed from the present , but not far enough to be called old .
that which is recent is not quite so sharply distinguished from the past as that which is new ; recent publications range over a longer time than new books .
that which is novel is either absolutely or relatively unprecedented in kind ; a novel contrivance is one that has never before been known ; a novel experience is one that has never before occurred to the same person ; that which is new may be of
a familiar or even of an ancient sort , as a new copy of an old book .
young and youthful are applied to that which has life ; that which is young is possessed of a comparatively new existence as a living thing , possessing actual youth ; that which is youthful manifests the attributes of youth .
( compare youthful . ) fresh applies to that which has the characteristics of newness or youth , while capable of deterioration by lapse of time ; that which is unworn , unspoiled , or unfaded ; as , a fresh countenance , fresh eggs , fresh
flowers .
new is opposed to old , modern to ancient , recent to remote , young to old , aged , etc .
antonyms :
see synonyms for old .
* * * * *
nimble .
synonyms :
active , alert , bustling , prompt , speedy , spry , agile , brisk , lively , quick , sprightly , swift .
nimble refers to lightness , freedom , and quickness of motion within a somewhat narrow range , with readiness to turn suddenly to any point ; swift applies commonly to more sustained motion over greater distances ; a pickpocket is nimble - fingered , a dancer nimble
- footed ; an arrow , a race - horse , or an ocean steamer is swift ; shakespeare's " nimble lightnings " is said of the visual appearance in sudden zigzag flash across the sky .
figuratively , we speak of nimble wit , swift intelligence , swift destruction .
alert , which is strictly a synonym for ready , comes sometimes near the meaning of nimble or quick , from the fact that the ready , wide - awake person is likely to be lively , quick , speedy .
compare active ; alert .
antonyms :
clumsy , dull , heavy , inactive , inert , slow , sluggish , unready .
dilatory ,
* * * * *
normal .
synonyms :
common , natural , ordinary , regular , typical , usual .
that which is natural is according to nature ; that which is normal is according to the standard or rule which is observed or claimed to prevail in nature ; a deformity may be natural , symmetry is normal ; the normal color of the crow is
black , while the normal color of the sparrow is gray , but one is as natural as the other .
typical refers to such an assemblage of qualities as makes the specimen , genus , etc . , a type of some more comprehensive group , while normal is more commonly applied to the parts of a single object ; the specimen was typical ; color ,
size , and other characteristics , normal .
the regular is etymologically that which is according to rule , hence that which is steady and constant , as opposed to that which is fitful and changeable ; the normal action of the heart is regular .
that which is common is shared by a great number of persons or things ; disease is common , a normal state of health is rare .
compare general ; usual .
antonyms :
abnormal , irregular , peculiar , singular , unprecedented , exceptional , monstrous , rare , uncommon , unusual .
* * * * *
notwithstanding , conj .
synonyms :
altho ( ugh ) , howbeit , nevertheless , tho ( ugh ) , but , however , still , yet .
however simply waives discussion , and ( like the archaic howbeit ) says " be that as it may , this is true ; " nevertheless concedes the truth of what precedes , but claims that what follows is none the less true ; notwithstanding marshals the
two statements face to face , admits the one and its seeming contradiction to the other , while insisting that it can not , after all , withstand the other ; as , notwithstanding the force of the enemy is superior , we shall conquer .
yet and still are weaker than notwithstanding , while stronger than but .
tho and altho make as little as possible of the concession , dropping it , as it were , incidentally ; as , " tho we are guilty , thou art good ; " to say " we are guilty , but thou art good , "
would make the concession of guilt more emphatic .
compare but ; yet .
* * * * *
notwithstanding , prep .
synonyms :
despite , in spite of .
notwithstanding simply states that circumstances shall not be or have not been allowed to withstand ; despite and in spite of refer primarily to personal and perhaps spiteful opposition ; as , he failed notwithstanding his good intentions ; or , he persevered in spite of the
most bitter hostility .
when despite and in spite of are applied to inanimate things , it is with something of personification ; " in spite of the storm " is said as if the storm had a hostile purpose to oppose the undertaking .
* * * * *
oath .
synonyms :
adjuration , curse , profane swearing , affidavit , cursing , profanity , anathema , denunciation , reprobation , ban , execration , swearing , blaspheming , imprecation , sworn statement .
blasphemy , malediction , vow .
in the highest sense , as in a court of justice , " an oath is a reverent appeal to god in corroboration of what one says , " abbott law dict . ; an affidavit is a sworn statement made in writing in the presence of
a competent officer ; an adjuration is a solemn appeal to a person in the name of god to speak the truth .
an oath is made to man in the name of god ; a vow , to god without the intervention , often without the knowledge , of man .
in the lower sense , an oath may be mere blasphemy or profane swearing .
anathema , curse , execration , and imprecation are modes of invoking vengeance or retribution from a superhuman power upon the person against whom they are uttered .
anathema is a solemn ecclesiastical condemnation of a person or of a proposition .
curse may be just and authoritative ; as , the curse of god ; or , it may be wanton and powerless : " so the curse causeless shall not come , " prov .
xxvi , 2 .
execration expresses most of personal bitterness and hatred ; imprecation refers especially to the coming of the desired evil upon the person against whom it is uttered .
malediction is a general wish of evil , a less usual but very expressive word .
compare testimony .
antonyms :
benediction , benison , blessing .
* * * * *
obscure .
synonyms :
abstruse , darksome , dusky , involved , ambiguous , deep , enigmatical , muddy , cloudy , dense , hidden , mysterious , complex , difficult , incomprehensible , profound , complicated , dim , indistinct , turbid , dark , doubtful , intricate , unintelligible
.
that is obscure which the eye or the mind can not clearly discern or see through , whether because of its own want of transparency , its depth or intricacy , or because of mere defect of light .
that which is complicated is likely to be obscure , but that may be obscure which is not at all complicated and scarcely complex , as a muddy pool .
in that which is abstruse ( l .
abs , from , and trudo , push ) as if removed from the usual course of thought or out of the way of apprehension or discovery , the thought is remote , hidden ; in that which is obscure there may be nothing to hide ;
it is hard to see to the bottom of the profound , because of its depth , but the most shallow turbidness is obscure .
compare complex ; dark ; difficult ; mysterious .
antonyms :
see synonyms for clear .
* * * * *
obsolete .
synonyms :
ancient , archaic , obsolescent , out of date , antiquated , disused , old , rare .
some of the oldest or most ancient words are not obsolete , as father , mother , etc .
a word is obsolete which has quite gone out of reputable use ; a word is archaic which is falling out of reputable use , or , on the other hand , having been obsolete , is taken up tentatively by writers or speakers of influence ,
so that it may perhaps regain its position as a living word ; a word is rare if there are few present instances of its reputable use .
compare old .
antonyms :
see synonyms for new .
* * * * *
obstinate .
synonyms :
contumacious , headstrong , mulish , resolute , decided , heady , obdurate , resolved , determined , immovable , opinionated , stubborn , dogged , indomitable , persistent , unconquerable , firm , inflexible , pertinacious , unflinching , fixed , intractable , refractory , unyielding
.
the headstrong person is not to be stopped in his own course of action , while the obstinate and stubborn is not to be driven to another's way .
the headstrong act ; the obstinate and stubborn may simply refuse to stir .
the most amiable person may be obstinate on some one point ; the stubborn person is for the most part habitually so ; we speak of obstinate determination , stubborn resistance .
stubborn is the term most frequently applied to the lower animals and inanimate things .
refractory implies more activity of resistance ; the stubborn horse balks ; the refractory animal plunges , rears , and kicks ; metals that resist ordinary processes of reduction are termed refractory .
one is obdurate who adheres to his purpose in spite of appeals that would move any tender - hearted or right - minded person .
contumacious refers to a proud and insolent defiance of authority , as of the summons of a court .
pertinacious demand is contrasted with obstinate refusal .
the unyielding conduct which we approve we call decided , firm , inflexible , resolute ; that which we condemn we are apt to term headstrong , obstinate , stubborn .
compare perverse .
antonyms :
amenable , dutiful , pliable , tractable , complaisant , gentle , pliant , undecided , compliant , irresolute , submissive , wavering , docile , obedient , teachable , yielding .
* * * * *
obstruct .
synonyms :
arrest , check , embarrass , interrupt , stay , bar , choke , hinder , oppose , stop .
barricade , clog , impede , retard ,
to obstruct is literally to build up against ; the road is obstructed by fallen trees ; the passage of liquid through a tube is obstructed by solid deposits .
we may hinder one's advance by following and clinging to him ; we obstruct his course by standing in his way or putting a barrier across his path .
anything that makes one's progress slower , whether from within or from without , impedes ; an obstruction is always from without .
to arrest is to cause to stop suddenly ; obstructing the way may have the effect of arresting progress .
compare hinder ; impediment .
antonyms :
accelerate , aid , facilitate , free , open , promote .
advance , clear , forward , further , pave the way for ,
* * * * *
old .
synonyms :
aged , decrepit , immemorial , senile , ancient , elderly , olden , time - honored , antiquated , gray , patriarchal , time - worn , antique , hoary , remote , venerable .
that is termed old which has existed long , or which existed long ago .
ancient , from the latin , through the french , is the more stately , old , from the saxon , the more familiar word .
familiarity , on one side , is near to contempt ; thus we say , an old coat , an old hat .
on the other hand , familiarity is akin to tenderness , and thus old is a word of endearment ; as , " the old homestead , " the " old oaken bucket . " " tell me the old , old story ! " has been
sung feelingly by millions ; " tell me that ancient story " would remove it out of all touch of human sympathy .
olden is a statelier form of old , and is applied almost exclusively to time , not to places , buildings , persons , etc .
as regards periods of time , the familiar are also the near ; thus , the old times are not too far away for familiar thought and reference ; the olden times are more remote , ancient times still further removed .
gray , hoary , and moldering refer to outward and visible tokens of age .
aged applies chiefly to long - extended human life .
decrepit , gray , and hoary refer to the effects of age on the body exclusively ; senile upon the mind also ; as , a decrepit frame , senile garrulousness .
one may be aged and neither decrepit nor senile .
elderly is applied to those who have passed middle life , but scarcely reached old age .
remote ( l .
re , back or away , and moveo , move ) , primarily refers to space , but is extended to that which is far off in time ; as , at some remote period .
venerable expresses the involuntary reverence that we yield to the majestic and long - enduring , whether in the material world or in human life and character .
compare antique ; obsolete ; primeval .
antonyms :
compare synonyms for new ; youthful .
* * * * *
operation .
synonyms :
action , effect , force , performance , result .
agency , execution , influence , procedure ,
operation is action considered with reference to the thing acted upon , and may apply to the action of an intelligent agent or of a material substance or force ; as , the operation of a medicine .
performance and execution denote intelligent action , considered with reference to the actor or to that which he accomplishes ; performance accomplishing the will of the actor , execution often the will of another ; we speak of the performance of a duty , the execution of
a sentence .
compare act .
antonyms :
failure , ineffectiveness , inutility , powerlessness , uselessness .
inaction , inefficiency ,
* * * * *
order .
synonyms :
command , injunction , mandate , requirement .
direction , instruction , prohibition ,
instruction implies superiority of knowledge , direction of authority on the part of the giver ; a teacher gives instructions to his pupils , an employer gives directions to his workmen .
order is still more authoritative than direction ; soldiers , sailors , and railroad employees have simply to obey the orders of their superiors , without explanation or question ; an order in the commercial sense has the authority of the money which the one ordering the
goods pays or is to pay .
command is a loftier word , as well as highly authoritative , less frequent in common life ; we speak of the commands of god , or sometimes , by polite hyperbole , ask of a friend , " have you any commands for me ? "
a requirement is imperative , but not always formal , nor made by a personal agent ; it may be in the nature of things ; as , the requirements of the position .
prohibition is wholly negative ; it is a command not to do ; injunction is now oftenest so used , especially as the requirement by legal authority that certain action be suspended or refrained from , pending final legal decision .
compare array ; class ; law ; prohibit ; system .
antonyms :
allowance , consent , leave , liberty , license , permission , permit .
* * * * *
ostentation .
synonyms :
boast , flourish , parade , pompousness , vaunt , boasting , pageant , pomp , show , vaunting .
display , pageantry , pomposity ,
ostentation is an ambitious showing forth of whatever is thought adapted to win admiration or praise ; ostentation may be without words ; as , the ostentation of wealth in fine residences , rich clothing , costly equipage , or the like ; when in words ,
ostentation is rather in manner than in direct statement ; as , the ostentation of learning .
boasting is in direct statement , and is louder and more vulgar than ostentation .
there may be great display or show with little substance ; ostentation suggests something substantial to be shown .
pageant , pageantry , parade , and pomp refer principally to affairs of arms or state ; as , a royal pageant ; a military parade .
pomp is some material demonstration of wealth and power , as in grand and stately ceremonial , rich furnishings , processions , etc . , considered as worthy of the person or occasion in whose behalf it is manifested ; pomp is the noble side of that
which as ostentation is considered as arrogant and vain .
pageant and pageantry are inferior to pomp , denoting spectacular display designed to impress the public mind , and since the multitude is largely ignorant and thoughtless , the words pageant and pageantry have a suggestion of the transient and unsubstantial .
parade ( l .
paro , prepare ) is an exhibition as of troops in camp going through the evolutions that are to be used in battle , and suggests a lack of earnestness and direct or immediate occasion or demand ; hence , in the more general sense , a
parade is an uncalled for exhibition , and so used is a more disparaging word than ostentation ; ostentation may spring merely from undue self - gratulation , parade implies a desire to impress others with a sense of one's abilities or resources , and is always
offensive and somewhat contemptible ; as , a parade of wealth or learning .
pomposity and pompousness are the affectation of pomp .
antonyms :
diffidence , quietness , retirement , timidity , modesty , reserve , shrinking , unobtrusiveness .
* * * * *
ought .
synonym :
should .
one ought to do that which he is under moral obligation or in duty bound to do .
ought is the stronger word , holding most closely to the sense of moral obligation , or sometimes of imperative logical necessity ; should may have the sense of moral obligation or may apply merely to propriety or expediency , as in the proverb , " the
liar should have a good memory , " i .
e . , he will need it .
ought is sometimes used of abstractions or inanimate things as indicating what the mind deems to be imperative or logically necessary in view of all the conditions ; as , these goods ought to go into that space ; these arguments ought to convince him ; should
in such connections would be correct , but less emphatic .
compare duty .
* * * * *
oversight .
synonyms :
care , control , management , surveillance , charge , direction , superintendence , watch , command , inspection , supervision , watchfulness .
a person may look over a matter in order to survey it carefully in its entirety , or he may look over it with no attention to the thing itself because his gaze and thought are concentrated on something beyond ; oversight has thus two contrasted senses
, in the latter sense denoting inadvertent error or omission , and in the former denoting watchful supervision , commonly implying constant personal presence ; superintendence requires only so much of presence or communication as to know that the superintendent's wishes are carried out ; the superintendent
of a railroad will personally oversee very few of its operations ; the railroad company has supreme direction of all its affairs without superintendence or oversight .
control is used chiefly with reference to restraint or the power of restraint ; a good horseman has a restless horse under perfect control ; there is no high character without self - control .
surveillance is an invidious term signifying watching with something of suspicion .
compare care ; neglect .
* * * * *
pain .
synonyms :
ache , distress , suffering , torture , agony , pang , throe , twinge , anguish , paroxysm , torment , wo ( e ) .
pain is the most general term of this group , including all the others ; pain is a disturbing sensation from which nature revolts , resulting from some injurious external interference ( as from a wound , a bruise , a harsh word , etc . )
, or from some lack of what one needs , craves , or cherishes ( as , the pain of hunger or bereavement ) , or from some abnormal action of bodily or mental functions ( as , the pains of disease , envy , or discontent
) .
suffering is one of the severer forms of pain .
the prick of a needle causes pain , but we should scarcely speak of it as suffering .
distress is too strong a word for little hurts , too feeble for the intensest suffering , but commonly applied to some continuous or prolonged trouble or need ; as , the distress of a shipwrecked crew , or of a destitute family .
ache is lingering pain , more or less severe ; pang , a pain short , sharp , intense , and perhaps repeated .
we speak of the pangs of hunger or of remorse .
throe is a violent and thrilling pain .
paroxysm applies to an alternately recurring and receding pain , which comes as it were in waves ; the paroxysm is the rising of the wave .
torment and torture are intense and terrible sufferings .
agony and anguish express the utmost pain or suffering of body or mind .
agony of body is that with which the system struggles ; anguish that by which it is crushed .
antonyms :
comfort , delight , ease , enjoyment , peace , rapture , relief , solace .
* * * * *
palliate .
synonyms :
apologize for , conceal , extenuate , hide , screen , cloak , cover , gloss over , mitigate , veil .
cloak , from the french , and palliate , from the latin , are the same in original signification , but have diverged in meaning ; a cloak may be used to hide completely the person or some object carried about the person , or it may
but partly veil the figure , making the outlines less distinct ; cloak is used in the former , palliate , in the latter sense ; to cloak a sin is to attempt to hide it from discovery ; to palliate it is to attempt to hide
some part of its blameworthiness .
" when we palliate our own or others ' faults we do not seek to cloke them altogether , but only to extenuate the guilt of them in part . " trench study of words lect .
vi , p .
266 .
either to palliate or to extenuate is to admit the fault ; but to extenuate is rather to apologize for the offender , while to palliate is to disguise the fault ; hence , we speak of extenuating but not of palliating circumstances , since circumstances can
not change the inherent wrong of an act , tho they may lessen the blameworthiness of him who does it ; palliating a bad thing by giving it a mild name does not make it less evil .
in reference to diseases , to palliate is really to diminish their violence , or partly to relieve the sufferer .
compare alleviate ; hide .
* * * * *
pardon , v .
synonyms :
absolve , condone , forgive , pass by , remit .
acquit , excuse , overlook , pass over ,
to pardon is to let pass , as a fault or sin , without resentment , blame , or punishment .
forgive has reference to feelings , pardon to consequences ; hence , the executive may pardon , but has nothing to do officially with forgiving .
personal injury may be forgiven by the person wronged ; thus , god at once forgives and pardons ; the pardoned sinner is exempt from punishment ; the forgiven sinner is restored to the divine favor .
to pardon is the act of a superior , implying the right to punish ; to forgive is the privilege of the humblest person who has been wronged or offended .
in law , to remit the whole penalty is equivalent to pardoning the offender ; but a part of a penalty may be remitted and the remainder inflicted , as where the penalty includes both fine and imprisonment .
to condone is to put aside a recognized offense by some act which restores the offender to forfeited right or privilege , and is the act of a private individual , without legal formalities .
to excuse is to overlook some slight offense , error , or breach of etiquette ; pardon is often used by courtesy in nearly the same sense .
a person may speak of excusing or forgiving himself , but not of pardoning himself .
compare absolve ; pardon , n .
antonyms :
castigate , chastise , convict , doom , recompense , sentence , chasten , condemn , correct , punish , scourge , visit .
* * * * *
pardon , n .
synonyms :
absolution , amnesty , forgiveness , oblivion , acquittal , forbearance , mercy , remission .
acquittal is a release from a charge , after trial , as not guilty .
pardon is a removal of penalty from one who has been adjudged guilty .
acquittal is by the decision of a court , commonly of a jury ; pardon is the act of the executive .
an innocent man may demand acquittal , and need not plead for pardon .
pardon supposes an offense ; yet , as our laws stand , to grant a pardon is sometimes the only way to release one who has been wrongly convicted .
oblivion , from the latin , signifies overlooking and virtually forgetting an offense , so that the offender stands before the law in all respects as if it had never been committed .
amnesty brings the same idea through the greek .
pardon affects individuals ; amnesty and oblivion are said of great numbers .
pardon is oftenest applied to the ordinary administration of law ; amnesty , to national and military affairs .
an amnesty is issued after war , insurrection , or rebellion ; it is often granted by " an act of oblivion , " and includes a full pardon of all offenders who come within its provisions .
absolution is a religious word ( compare synonyms for absolve ) .
remission is a discharge from penalty ; as , the remission of a fine .
antonyms :
penalty , punishment , retaliation , retribution , vengeance .
prepositions :
a pardon to or for the offenders ; for all offenses ; the pardon of offenders or offenses .
* * * * *
part , v .
synonyms :
compare synonyms for part , n .
prepositions :
part into shares ; part in the middle ; part one from another ; part among the claimants ; part between contestants ( archaic ) ; in general , to part from is to relinquish companionship ; to part with is to relinquish possession ; we part
from a person or from something thought of with some sense of companionship ; a traveler parts from his friends ; he maybe said also to part from his native shore ; a man parts with an estate , a horse , a copyright ; part with
may be applied to a person thought of in any sense as a possession ; an employer parts with a clerk or servant ; but part with is sometimes used by good writers as meaning simply to separate from .
* * * * *
part , n .
synonyms :
atom , fraction , member , section , component , fragment , particle , segment , constituent , ingredient , piece , share , division , instalment , portion , subdivision .
element ,
part , a substance , quantity , or amount that is the result of the division of something greater , is the general word , including all the others of this group .
a fragment is the result of breaking , rending , or disruption of some kind , while a piece may be smoothly or evenly separated and have a certain completeness in itself .
a piece is often taken for a sample ; a fragment scarcely would be .
division and fraction are always regarded as in connection with the total ; divisions may be equal or unequal ; a fraction is one of several equal parts into which the whole is supposed to be divided .
a portion is a part viewed with reference to some one who is to receive it or some special purpose to which it is to be applied ; in a restaurant one portion ( i .
e . , the amount designed for one person ) is sometimes , by special order , served to two ; a share is a part to which one has or may acquire a right in connection with others ; an instalment is one of a series
of proportionate payments that are to be continued till the entire claim is discharged ; a particle is an exceedingly small part .
a component , constituent , ingredient , or element is a part of some compound or mixture ; an element is necessary to the existence , as a component or constituent is necessary to the completeness of that which it helps to compose ; an ingredient may
be foreign or accidental .
a subdivision is a division of a division .
we speak of a segment of a circle .
compare particle ; portion .
* * * * *
particle .
synonyms :
atom , grain , mite , scrap , whit .
corpuscle , iota , molecule , shred , element , jot , scintilla , tittle ,
a particle is a very small part of any material substance ; as , a particle of sand or of dust ; it is a general term , not accurately determinate in meaning .
atom ( gr .
a - privative , not , and temno , cut ) etymologically signifies that which can not be cut or divided , and is the smallest conceivable particle of matter , regarded as absolutely homogeneous and as having but one set of properties ; atoms are the
ultimate particles of matter .
a molecule is made up of atoms , and is regarded as separable into its constituent parts ; as used by physicists , a molecule is the smallest conceivable part which retains all the characteristics of the substance ; thus , a molecule of water is made
up of two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen .
element in chemistry denotes , without reference to quantity , a substance regarded as simple , i .
e . , one incapable of being resolved by any known process into simpler substances ; the element gold may be represented by an ingot or by a particle of gold - dust .
in popular language , an element is any essential constituent ; the ancients believed that the universe was made up of the four elements , earth , air , fire , and water ; a storm is spoken of as a manifestation of the fury of the
elements .
we speak of corpuscles of blood .
compare part .
antonyms :
aggregate , entirety , mass , quantity , sum , sum total , total , whole .
* * * * *
patience .
synonyms :
calmness , forbearance , long - suffering , sufferance .
composure , fortitude , resignation , endurance , leniency , submission ,
patience is the quality or habit of mind shown in bearing passively and uncomplainingly any pain , evil , or hardship that may fall to one's lot .
endurance hardens itself against suffering , and may be merely stubborn ; fortitude is endurance animated by courage ; endurance may by modifiers be made to have a passive force , as when we speak of " passive endurance ; " patience is not so hard as
endurance nor so self - effacing as submission .
submission is ordinarily and resignation always applied to matters of great moment , while patience may apply to slight worries and annoyances .
as regards our relations to our fellow men , forbearance is abstaining from retaliation or revenge ; patience is keeping kindliness of heart under vexatious conduct ; long - suffering is continued patience .
patience may also have an active force denoting uncomplaining steadiness in doing , as in tilling the soil .
compare industry .
antonyms :
see synonyms for anger .
prepositions :
patience in or amid sufferings ; patience with ( rarely toward ) opposers or offenders ; patience under afflictions ; ( rarely ) patience of heat or cold , etc .
* * * * *
pay , n .
synonyms :
allowance , hire , recompense , salary , compensation , honorarium , remuneration , stipend , earnings , payment , requital , wages .
fee ,
an allowance is a stipulated amount furnished at regular intervals as a matter of discretion or gratuity , as of food to besieged soldiers , or of money to a child or ward .
compensation is a comprehensive word signifying a return for a service done .
remuneration is applied to matters of great amount or importance .
recompense is a still wider and loftier word , with less suggestion of calculation and market value ; there are services for which affection and gratitude are the sole and sufficient recompense ; earnings , fees , hire , pay , salary , and wages are forms
of compensation and may be included in compensation , remuneration , or recompense .
pay is commercial and strictly signifies an exact pecuniary equivalent for a thing or service , except when the contrary is expressly stated , as when we speak of " high pay " or " poor pay . " wages denotes what a worker receives .
earnings is often used as exactly equivalent to wages , but may be used with reference to the real value of work done or service rendered , and even applied to inanimate things ; as , the earnings of capital .
hire is distinctly mercenary or menial , but as a noun has gone out of popular use , tho the verb to hire is common .
salary is for literary or professional work , wages for handicraft or other comparatively inferior service ; a salary is regarded as more permanent than wages ; an editor receives a salary , a compositor receives wages .
stipend has become exclusively a literary word .
a fee is given for a single service or privilege , and is sometimes in the nature of a gratuity .
compare requite .
* * * * *
people .
synonyms :
commonwealth , nation , race , state , tribe .
community , population ,
a community is in general terms the aggregate of persons inhabiting any territory in common and viewed as having common interests ; a commonwealth is such a body of persons having a common government , especially a republican government ; as , the commonwealth of massachusetts .
a community may be very small ; a commonwealth is ordinarily of considerable extent .
a people is the aggregate of any public community , either in distinction from their rulers or as including them ; a race is a division of mankind in the line of origin and ancestry ; the people of the united states includes members of almost every
race .
the use of people as signifying persons collectively , as in the statement " the hall was full of people , " has been severely criticized , but is old and accepted english , and may fitly be classed as idiomatic , and often better than persons
, by reason of its collectivism .
as dean alford suggests , it would make a strange transformation of the old hymn " all people that on earth do dwell " to sing " all persons that on earth do dwell . " a state is an organized political community considered in its corporate
capacity as " a body politic and corporate ; " as , a legislative act is the act of the state ; every citizen is entitled to the protection of the state .
a nation is an organized political community considered with reference to the persons composing it as having certain definite boundaries , a definite number of citizens , etc .
the members of a people are referred to as persons or individuals ; the individual members of a state or nation are called citizens or subjects .
the population of a country is simply the aggregate of persons residing within its borders , without reference to race , organization , or allegiance ; unnaturalized residents form part of the population , but not of the nation , possessing none of the rights and being
subject to none of the duties of citizens .
in american usage state signifies one commonwealth of the federal union known as the united states .
tribe is now almost wholly applied to rude peoples with very imperfect political organization ; as , the indian tribes ; nomadic tribes .
compare mob .
* * * * *
perceive .
synonyms :
apprehend , comprehend , conceive , understand .
we perceive what is presented through the senses .
we apprehend what is presented to the mind , whether through the senses or by any other means .
yet perceive is used in the figurative sense of seeing through to a conclusion , in a way for which usage would not allow us to substitute apprehend ; as , " sir , i perceive that thou art a prophet , " john iv , 19
.
that which we apprehend we catch , as with the hand ; that which we conceive we are able to analyze and recompose in our mind ; that which we comprehend , we , as it were , grasp around , take together , seize , embrace
wholly within the mind .
many things may be apprehended which can not be comprehended ; a child can apprehend the distinction between right and wrong , yet the philosopher can not comprehend it in its fulness .
we can apprehend the will of god as revealed in conscience or the scriptures ; we can conceive of certain attributes of deity , as his truth and justice ; but no finite intelligence can comprehend the divine nature , in its majesty , power , and
perfection .
compare anticipate ; arrest ; catch ; knowledge .
antonyms :
fail of , ignore , lose , misapprehend , misconceive , miss , overlook .
* * * * *
perfect .
synonyms :
absolute , consummate , holy , spotless , accurate , correct , ideal , stainless , blameless , entire , immaculate , unblemished , complete , faultless , sinless , undefiled .
completed , finished ,
that is perfect to which nothing can be added , and from which nothing can be taken without impairing its excellence , marring its symmetry , or detracting from its worth ; in this fullest sense god alone is perfect , but in a limited sense anything
may be perfect in its kind ; as a perfect flower ; a copy of a document is perfect when it is accurate in every particular ; a vase may be called perfect when entire and unblemished , even tho not artistically faultless ; the best judges
never pronounce a work of art perfect , because they see always ideal possibilities not yet attained ; even the ideal is not perfect , by reason of the imperfection of the human mind ; a human character faultlessly holy would be morally perfect tho finite .
that which is absolute is free from admixture ( as absolute alcohol ) and in the highest and fullest sense free from imperfection or limitation ; as , absolute holiness and love are attributes of god alone .
in philosophical language , absolute signifies free from all necessary , or even from all possible relations , not dependent or limited , unrelated and unconditioned ; truth immediately known , as intuitive truth , is absolute ; god , as self - existent and free from
all limitation or dependence , is called the absolute being , or simply the absolute .
compare innocent ; infinite ; radical .
antonyms :
bad , defective , imperfect , meager , scant , blemished , deficient , incomplete , perverted , short , corrupt , deformed , inferior , poor , spoiled , corrupted , fallible , insufficient , ruined , worthless .
defaced , faulty , marred ,
* * * * *
permanent .
synonyms :
abiding , enduring , lasting , steadfast , changeless , fixed , perpetual , unchangeable , constant , immutable , persistent , unchanging .
durable , invariable , stable ,
durable ( l .
durus , hard ) is said almost wholly of material substances that resist wear ; lasting is said of either material or immaterial things .
permanent is a word of wider meaning ; a thing is permanent which is not liable to change ; as , a permanent color ; buildings upon a farm are called permanent improvements .
enduring is a higher word , applied to that which resists both time and change ; as , enduring fame .
antonyms :
see synonyms for transient .
* * * * *
permission .
synonyms :
allowance , authorization , leave , license , authority , consent , liberty , permit .
authority unites the right and power of control ; age , wisdom , and character give authority to their possessor ; a book of learned research has authority , and is even called an authority .
permission justifies another in acting without interference or censure , and usually implies some degree of approval .
authority gives a certain right of control over all that may be affected by the action .
there may be a failure to object , which constitutes an implied permission , tho this is more properly expressed by allowance ; we allow what we do not oppose , permit what we expressly authorize .
the noun permit implies a formal written permission .
license is a formal permission granted by competent authority to an individual to do some act or pursue some business which would be or is made to be unlawful without such permission ; as , a license to preach , to solemnize marriages , or to sell
intoxicating liquors .
a license is permission granted rather than authority conferred ; the sheriff has authority ( not permission nor license ) to make an arrest .
consent is permission by the concurrence of wills in two or more persons , a mutual approval or acceptance of something proposed .
compare allow .
antonyms :
denial , objection , prevention , refusal , resistance .
hindrance , opposition , prohibition ,
* * * * *
pernicious .
synonyms :
bad , evil , mischievous , pestilential , baneful , foul , noisome , poisonous , deadly , harmful , noxious , ruinous , deleterious , hurtful , perverting , unhealthful , destructive , injurious , pestiferous , unwholesome .
detrimental , insalubrious ,
pernicious ( l .
per , through , and neco , kill ) signifies having the power of destroying or injuring , tending to hurt or kill .
pernicious is stronger than injurious ; that which is injurious is capable of doing harm ; that which is pernicious is likely to be destructive .
noxious ( l .
noceo , hurt ) is a stronger word than noisome , as referring to that which is injurious or destructive .
noisome now always denotes that which is extremely disagreeable or disgusting , especially to the sense of smell ; as , the noisome stench proclaimed the presence of noxious gases .
antonyms :
advantageous , favorable , helpful , profitable , serviceable , beneficent , good , invigorating , rejuvenating , useful , beneficial , healthful , life - giving , salutary , wholesome .
* * * * *
perplexity .
synonyms :
amazement , bewilderment , distraction , doubt , astonishment , confusion , disturbance , embarrassment .
perplexity ( l .
per , through , and plecto , plait ) is the drawing or turning of the thoughts or faculties by turns in different directions or toward contrasted or contradictory conclusions ; confusion ( l .
confusus , from confundo , pour together ) is a state in which the mental faculties are , as it were , thrown into chaos , so that the clear and distinct action of the different powers , as of perception , memory , reason , and
will is lost ; bewilderment is akin to confusion , but is less overwhelming , and more readily recovered from ; perplexity , accordingly , has not the unsettling of the faculties implied in confusion , nor the overwhelming of the faculties implied in amazement or astonishment
; it is not the magnitude of the things to be known , but the want of full and definite knowledge , that causes perplexity .
the dividing of a woodland path may cause the traveler the greatest perplexity , which may become bewilderment when he has tried one path after another and lost his bearings completely .
with an excitable person bewilderment may deepen into confusion that will make him unable to think clearly or even to see or hear distinctly .
amazement results from the sudden and unimagined occurrence of great good or evil or the sudden awakening of the mind to unthought - of truth .
astonishment often produces bewilderment , which the word was formerly understood to imply .
compare amazement ; anxiety ; doubt .
* * * * *
persuade .
synonyms :
allure , dispose , incline , move , bring over , entice , induce , prevail on or upon , coax , impel , influence , urge , convince , incite , lead , win over .
of these words convince alone has no direct reference to moving the will , denoting an effect upon the understanding only ; one may be convinced of his duty without doing it , or he may be convinced of truth that has no manifest connection with duty
or action , as of a mathematical proposition .
to persuade is to bring the will of another to a desired decision by some influence exerted upon it short of compulsion ; one may be convinced that the earth is round ; he may be persuaded to travel round it ; but persuasion is so largely
dependent upon conviction that it is commonly held to be the orator's work first to convince in order that he may persuade .
coax is a slighter word than persuade , seeking the same end by shallower methods , largely by appeal to personal feeling , with or without success ; as , a child coaxes a parent to buy him a toy .
one may be brought over , induced , or prevailed upon by means not properly included in persuasion , as by bribery or intimidation ; he is won over chiefly by personal influence .
compare influence .
antonyms :
deter , discourage , dissuade , hinder , hold back , repel , restrain .
* * * * *
pertness .
synonyms :
boldness , forwardness , liveliness , sprightliness .
briskness , impertinence , sauciness , flippancy , impudence , smartness ,
liveliness and sprightliness are pleasant and commendable ; smartness is a limited and showy acuteness or shrewdness , usually with unfavorable suggestion ; pertness and sauciness are these qualities overdone , and regardless of the respect due to superiors .
impertinence and impudence may be gross and stupid ; pertness and sauciness are always vivid and keen .
compare impudence .
antonyms :
bashfulness , demureness , diffidence , humility , modesty , shyness .
* * * * *
perverse .
synonyms :
contrary , froward , petulant , untoward , factious , intractable , stubborn , wayward , fractious , obstinate , ungovernable , wilful .
perverse ( l .
perversus , turned the wrong way ) signifies wilfully wrong or erring , unreasonably set against right , reason , or authority .
the stubborn or obstinate person will not do what another desires or requires ; the perverse person will do anything contrary to what is desired or required of him .
the petulant person frets , but may comply ; the perverse individual may be smooth or silent , but is wilfully intractable .
wayward refers to a perverse disregard of morality and duty ; froward is practically obsolete ; untoward is rarely heard except in certain phrases ; as , untoward circumstances .
compare obstinate .
antonyms :
accommodating , complaisant , genial , kind , amenable , compliant , governable , obliging .
* * * * *
physical .
synonyms :
bodily , corporeal , natural , tangible , corporal , material , sensible , visible .
whatever is composed of or pertains to matter may be termed material ; physical ( gr .
physis , nature ) applies to material things considered as parts of a system or organic whole ; hence , we speak of material substances , physical forces , physical laws .
bodily , corporal , and corporeal apply primarily to the human body ; bodily and corporal both denote pertaining or relating to the body ; corporeal signifies of the nature of or like the body ; corporal is now almost wholly restricted to signify applied to or
inflicted upon the body ; we speak of bodily sufferings , bodily presence , corporal punishment , the corporeal frame .
antonyms :
hyperphysical , intangible , invisible , moral , unreal , immaterial , intellectual , mental , spiritual , unsubstantial .
* * * * *
pique .
synonyms :
displeasure , irritation , offense , resentment , umbrage .
grudge ,
pique , from the french , signifies primarily a prick or a sting , as of a nettle ; the word denotes a sudden feeling of mingled pain and anger , but slight and usually transient , arising from some neglect or offense , real or imaginary
.
umbrage is a deeper and more persistent displeasure at being overshadowed ( l .
umbra , a shadow ) or subjected to any treatment that one deems unworthy of him .
it may be said , as a general statement , that pique arises from wounded vanity or sensitiveness , umbrage from wounded pride or sometimes from suspicion .
resentment rests on more solid grounds , and is deep and persistent .
compare anger .
antonyms :
approval , contentment , gratification , pleasure , satisfaction .
complacency , delight ,
* * * * *
pitiful .
synonyms :
abject , lamentable , paltry , sorrowful , base , miserable , pathetic , touching , contemptible , mournful , piteous , woful , despicable , moving , pitiable , wretched .
pitiful originally signified full of pity ; as , " the lord is very pitiful and of tender mercy , " james v , 11 ; but this usage is now archaic , and the meaning in question is appropriated by such words as merciful and compassionate
.
pitiful and pitiable now refer to what may be deserving of pity , pitiful being used chiefly for that which is merely an object of thought , pitiable for that which is brought directly before the senses ; as , a pitiful story ; a pitiable object
; a pitiable condition .
since pity , however , always implies weakness or inferiority in that which is pitied , pitiful and pitiable are often used , by an easy transition , for what might awaken pity , but does awaken contempt ; as , a pitiful excuse ; he presented
a pitiable appearance .
piteous is now rarely used in its earlier sense of feeling pity , but in its derived sense applies to what really excites the emotion ; as , a piteous cry .
compare humane ; mercy ; pity .
antonyms :
august , dignified , grand , lofty , sublime , beneficent , exalted , great , mighty , superb , commanding , glorious , helpful , noble , superior .
* * * * *
pity .
synonyms :
commiseration , condolence , sympathy , tenderness .
compassion , mercy ,
pity is a feeling of grief or pain aroused by the weakness , misfortunes , or distresses of others , joined with a desire to help or relieve .
sympathy ( feeling or suffering with ) implies some degree of equality , kindred , or union ; pity is for what is weak or unfortunate , and so far , at least , inferior to ourselves ; hence , pity is often resented where sympathy would
be welcome .
we have sympathy with one in joy or grief , in pleasure or pain , pity only for those in suffering or need ; we may have sympathy with the struggles of a giant or the triumphs of a conqueror ; we are moved with pity for
the captive or the slave .
pity may be only in the mind , but mercy does something for those who are its objects .
compassion , like pity , is exercised only with respect to the suffering or unfortunate , but combines with the tenderness of pity the dignity of sympathy and the active quality of mercy .
commiseration is as tender as compassion , but more remote and hopeless ; we have commiseration for sufferers whom we can not reach or can not relieve .
condolence is the expression of sympathy .
compare mercy .
antonyms :
barbarity , ferocity , harshness , pitilessness , severity , brutality , hard - heartedness , inhumanity , rigor , sternness , cruelty , hardness , mercilessness , ruthlessness , truculence .
prepositions :
pity on or upon that which we help or spare ; pity for that which we merely contemplate ; " have pity upon me , o ye my friends , " job xix , 21 ; " pity for a horse o'erdriven , " tennyson in memoriam
lxii , st .
1 .
* * * * *
plant .
synonyms :
seed , seed down , set , set out , sow .
we set or set out slips , cuttings , young trees , etc . , tho we may also be said to plant them ; we plant corn , potatoes , etc . , which we put in definite places , as in hills , with some
care ; we sow wheat or other small grains and seeds which are scattered in the process .
tho by modern agricultural machinery the smaller grains are almost as precisely planted as corn , the old word for broadcast scattering is retained .
land is seeded or seeded down to grass .
antonyms :
eradicate , extirpate , root up , uproot , weed out .
* * * * *
plead .
synonyms :
advocate , ask , beseech , implore , solicit , argue , beg , entreat , press , urge .
to plead for one is to employ argument or persuasion , or both in his behalf , usually with earnestness or importunity ; similarly one may be said to plead for himself or for a cause , etc . , or with direct object , to plead
a case ; in legal usage , pleading is argumentative , but in popular usage , pleading always implies some appeal to the feelings .
one argues a case solely on rational grounds and supposably with fair consideration of both sides ; he advocates one side for the purpose of carrying it , and under the influence of motives that may range all the way from cold self - interest to the
highest and noblest impulses ; he pleads a cause , or pleads for a person with still more intense feeling .
beseech , entreat , and implore imply impassioned earnestness , with direct and tender appeal to personal considerations .
press and urge imply more determined or perhaps authoritative insistence .
solicit is a weak word denoting merely an attempt to secure one's consent or cooperation , sometimes by sordid or corrupt motives .
prepositions :
plead with the tyrant for the captive ; plead against the oppression or the oppressor ; plead to the indictment ; at the bar ; before the court ; in open court .
* * * * *
pleasant .
synonyms :
agreeable , good - natured , kindly , pleasing , attractive , kind , obliging , pleasurable .
that is pleasing from which pleasure is received , or may readily be received , without reference to any action or intent in that which confers it ; as , a pleasing picture ; a pleasing landscape .
whatever has active qualities adapted to give pleasure is pleasant ; as , a pleasant breeze ; a pleasant ( not a pleasing ) day .
as applied to persons , pleasant always refers to a disposition ready and desirous to please ; one is pleasant , or in a pleasant mood , when inclined to make happy those with whom he is dealing , to show kindness and do any reasonable favor
.
in this sense pleasant is nearly akin to kind , but kind refers to act or intent , while pleasant stops with the disposition ; many persons are no longer in a pleasant mood if asked to do a troublesome kindness .
pleasant keeps always something of the sense of actually giving pleasure , and thus surpasses the meaning of good - natured ; there are good - natured people who by reason of rudeness and ill - breeding are not pleasant companions .
a pleasing face has good features , complexion , expression , etc . ; a pleasant face indicates a kind heart and an obliging disposition , as well as kindly feelings in actual exercise ; we can say of one usually good - natured , " on
that occasion he did not meet me with a pleasant face . " pleasant , in the sense of gay , merry , jocose ( the sense still retained in pleasantry ) , is now rare , and would not be understood outside of literary circles .
compare amiable ; comfortable ; delightful .
antonyms :
arrogant , displeasing , glum , ill - humored , repelling , austere , dreary , grim , ill - natured , repulsive , crabbed , forbidding , harsh , offensive , unkind , disagreeable , gloomy , hateful , repellent , unpleasant .
prepositions :
pleasant to , with , or toward persons , about a matter .
* * * * *
plentiful .
synonyms :
abounding , bountiful , generous , plenteous , abundant , complete , large , profuse , adequate , copious , lavish , replete , affluent , enough , liberal , rich , ample , exuberant , luxuriant , sufficient , bounteous , full , overflowing , teeming
.
enough is relative , denoting a supply equal to a given demand .
a temperature of 70 deg .
fahrenheit is enough for a living - room ; of 212 deg .
enough to boil water ; neither is enough to melt iron .
sufficient , from the latin , is an equivalent of the saxon enough , with no perceptible difference of meaning , but only of usage , enough being the more blunt , homely , and forcible word , while sufficient is in many cases the more elegant
or polite .
sufficient usually precedes its noun ; enough usually and preferably follows .
that is ample which gives a safe , but not a large , margin beyond a given demand ; that is abundant , affluent , bountiful , liberal , plentiful , which is largely in excess of manifest need .
plentiful is used of supplies , as of food , water , etc . ; as , " a plentiful rain , " ps .
lxviii , 9 .
we may also say a copious rain ; but copious can be applied to thought , language , etc . , where plentiful can not well be used .
affluent and liberal both apply to riches , resources ; liberal , with especial reference to giving or expending .
( compare synonyms for adequate . ) affluent , referring especially to riches , may be used of thought , feeling , etc .
neither affluent , copious , nor plentiful can be used of time or space ; a field is sometimes called plentiful , not with reference to its extent , but to its productiveness .
complete expresses not excess or overplus , and yet not mere sufficiency , but harmony , proportion , fitness to a design , or ideal .
ample and abundant may be applied to any subject .
we have time enough , means that we can reach our destination without haste , but also without delay ; if we have ample time , we may move leisurely , and note what is by the way ; if we have abundant time , we may
pause to converse with a friend , to view the scenery , or to rest when weary .
lavish and profuse imply a decided excess , oftenest in the ill sense .
we rejoice in abundant resources , and honor generous hospitality ; lavish or profuse expenditure suggests extravagance and wastefulness .
luxuriant is used especially of that which is abundant in growth ; as , a luxuriant crop .
antonyms :
deficient , inadequate , narrow , scanty , small , drained , insufficient , niggardly , scarce , sparing , exhausted , mean , poor , scrimped , stingy , impoverished , miserly , scant , short , straitened .
preposition :
plentiful in resources .
* * * * *
poetry .
synonyms :
meter , numbers , poesy , song , metrical composition , poem , rime , verse .
poetry is that form of literature that embodies beautiful thought , feeling , or action in melodious , rhythmical , and ( usually ) metrical language , in imaginative and artistic constructions .
poetry in a very wide sense may be anything that pleasingly addresses the imagination ; as , the poetry of motion .
in ordinary usage , poetry is both imaginative and metrical .
there may be poetry without rime , but hardly without meter , or what in some languages takes its place , as the hebrew parallelism ; but poetry involves , besides the artistic form , the exercise of the fancy or imagination in a way always beautiful
, often lofty or even sublime .
failing this , there may be verse , rime , and meter , but not poetry .
there is much in literature that is beautiful and sublime in thought and artistic in construction , which is yet not poetry , because quite devoid of the element of song , whereby poetry differs from the most lofty , beautiful , or impassioned prose .
compare meter .
antonyms :
prosaic speech , prosaic writing , prose .
* * * * *
polite .
synonyms :
accomplished , courtly , genteel , urbane , civil , cultivated , gracious , well - behaved , complaisant , cultured , obliging , well - bred , courteous , elegant , polished , well - mannered .
a civil person observes such propriety of speech and manner as to avoid being rude ; one who is polite ( literally polished ) observes more than the necessary proprieties , conforming to all that is graceful , becoming , and thoughtful in the intercourse of refined
society .
a man may be civil with no consideration for others , simply because self - respect forbids him to be rude ; but one who is polite has at least some care for the opinions of others , and if polite in the highest and truest sense
, which is coming to be the prevailing one , he cares for the comfort and happiness of others in the smallest matters .
civil is a colder and more distant word than polite ; courteous is fuller and richer , dealing often with greater matters , and is used only in the good sense .
courtly suggests that which befits a royal court , and is used of external grace and stateliness without reference to the prompting feeling ; as , the courtly manners of the ambassador .
genteel refers to an external elegance , which may be showy and superficial , and the word is thus inferior to polite or courteous .
urbane refers to a politeness that is genial and successful in giving others a sense of ease and cheer .
polished refers to external elegancies of speech and manner without reference to spirit or purpose ; as , a polished gentleman or a polished scoundrel ; cultured refers to a real and high development of mind and soul , of which the external manifestation is the smallest
part .
complaisant denotes a disposition to please or favor beyond what politeness would necessarily require .
antonyms :
awkward , clownish , ill - mannered , insulting , uncouth , bluff , coarse , impertinent , raw , unmannerly , blunt , discourteous , impolite , rude , unpolished , boorish , ill - behaved , impudent , rustic , untaught , brusk , ill
- bred , insolent , uncivil , untutored .
* * * * *
polity .
synonyms :
constitution , policy , form or system of government .
polity is the permanent system of government of a state , a church , or a society ; policy is the method of management with reference to the attainment of certain ends ; the national polity of the united states is republican ; each administration has a
policy of its own .
policy is often used as equivalent to expediency ; as , many think honesty to be good policy .
polity used in ecclesiastical use serves a valuable purpose in distinguishing that which relates to administration and government from that which relates to faith and doctrine ; two churches identical in faith may differ in polity , or those agreeing in polity may differ in faith .
compare law .
* * * * *
portion .
synonyms :
lot , parcel , part , proportion , share .
when any whole is divided into parts , any part that is allotted to some person , thing , subject or purpose is called a portion , tho the division may be by no fixed rule or relation ; a father may divide his estate by will
among his children so as to make their several portions great or small , according to his arbitrary and unreasonable caprice .
when we speak of a part as a proportion , we think of the whole as divided according to some rule or scale , so that the different parts bear a contemplated and intended relation or ratio to one another ; thus , the portion allotted to
a child by will may not be a fair proportion of the estate .
proportion is often used where part or portion would be more appropriate .
compare part .
* * * * *
poverty .
synonyms :
beggary , distress , mendicancy , pauperism , privation , destitution , indigence , need , penury , want .
poverty denotes strictly lack of property or adequate means of support , but in common use is a relative term denoting any condition below that of easy , comfortable living ; privation denotes a condition of painful lack of what is useful or desirable , tho not
to the extent of absolute distress ; indigence is lack of ordinary means of subsistence ; destitution is lack of the comforts , and in part even of the necessaries of life ; penury is especially cramping poverty , possibly not so sharp as destitution , but
continuous , while that may be temporary ; pauperism is such destitution as throws one upon organized public charity for support ; beggary and mendicancy denote poverty that appeals for indiscriminate private charity .
* * * * *
power .
synonyms :
ability , competency , expertness , readiness , aptitude , dexterity , faculty , skill , capability , efficacy , force , strength , capacity , efficiency , might , susceptibility , cleverness , energy , qualification , talent .
cogency ,
power is the most general term of this group , including every quality , property , or faculty by which any change , effect , or result is , or may be , produced ; as , the power of the legislature to enact laws , or
of the executive to enforce them ; the power of an acid to corrode a metal ; the power of a polished surface to reflect light .
ability is nearly coextensive with power , but does not reach the positiveness and vigor that may be included in the meaning of power , ability often implying latent , as distinguished from active power ; we speak of an exertion of power , but not of
an exertion of ability .
power and ability include capacity , which is power to receive ; but ability is often distinguished from capacity , as power that may be manifested in doing , as capacity is in receiving ; one may have great capacity for acquiring knowledge , and yet not
possess ability to teach .
efficiency is active power to effect a definite result , the power that actually does , as distinguished from that which may do .
competency is equal to the occasion , readiness prompt for the occasion .
faculty is an inherent quality of mind or body ; talent , some special mental ability .
dexterity and skill are readiness and facility in action , having a special end ; talent is innate , dexterity and skill are largely acquired .
our abilities include our natural capacity , faculties , and talents , with all the dexterity , skill , and readiness that can be acquired .
efficacy is the power to produce an intended effect as shown in the production of it ; as , the efficacy of a drug .
efficiency is effectual agency , competent power ; efficiency is applied in mechanics as denoting the ratio of the effect produced to the power expended in producing it ; but this word is chiefly used of intelligent agents as denoting the quality that brings all one's power
to bear promptly and to the best purpose on the thing to be done .
compare address ; dexterity ; skilful .
antonyms :
awkwardness , helplessness , inability , incompetence , stupidity , dulness , imbecility , inaptitude , inefficiency , unskilfulness , feebleness , impotence , incapacity , maladroitness , weakness .
* * * * *
praise .
synonyms :
acclaim , approbation , compliment , laudation , acclamation , approval , encomium , panegyric , adulation , cheering , eulogy , plaudit , applause , cheers , flattery , sycophancy .
praise is the hearty approval of an individual , or of a number or multitude considered individually , and is expressed by spoken or written words ; applause , the spontaneous outburst of many at once .
applause is expressed in any way , by stamping of feet , clapping of hands , waving of handkerchiefs , etc . , as well as by the voice ; acclamation is the spontaneous and hearty approval of many at once , and strictly by the voice
alone .
thus one is chosen moderator by acclamation when he receives a unanimous viva voce vote ; we could not say he was nominated by applause .
acclaim is the more poetic term for acclamation , commonly understood in a loftier sense ; as , a nation's acclaim .
plaudit is a shout of applause , and is commonly used in the plural ; as , the plaudits of a throng .
applause is also used in the general sense of praise .
approbation is a milder and more qualified word than praise ; while praise is always uttered , approbation may be silent .
" approbation speaks of the thing or action . . . .
praise is always personal . " a .
w .
and j .
c .
hare guesses at truth first series , p .
549 .
[ macm .
' 66 . ] acceptance refers to an object or action ; approbation may refer to character or natural traits .
approval always supposes a testing or careful examination , and frequently implies official sanction ; approbation may be upon a general view .
the industry and intelligence of a clerk win his employer's approbation ; his decision in a special instance receives his approval .
praise is always understood as genuine and sincere , unless the contrary is expressly stated ; compliment is a light form of praise that may or may not be sincere ; flattery is insincere and ordinarily fulsome praise .
antonyms :
abuse , contempt , hissing , repudiation , animadversion , denunciation , ignominy , scorn , blame , disapprobation , obloquy , slander , censure , disapproval , reproach , vilification , condemnation , disparagement , reproof , vituperation .
* * * * *
pray .
synonyms :
ask , bid , entreat , invoke , request , beg , call upon , implore , petition , supplicate .
beseech , conjure , importune , plead ,
to pray , in the religious sense , is devoutly to address the supreme being with reverent petition for divine grace or any favor or blessing , and in the fullest sense with thanksgiving and praise for the divine goodness and mercy ; the once common use
of the word to express any earnest request , as " i pray you to come in , " is now rare , unless in writings molded on older literature , or in certain phrases , as " pray sit down ; " even in these "
please " is more common ; " i beg you " is also frequently used , as expressing a polite humility of request .
beseech and entreat express great earnestness of petition ; implore and supplicate denote the utmost fervency and intensity , supplicate implying also humility .
compare ask ; plead .
* * * * *
precarious .
synonyms :
doubtful , hazardous , risky , unsettled , dubious , insecure , unassured , unstable , equivocal , perilous , uncertain , unsteady .
uncertain is applied to things that human knowledge can not certainly determine or that human power can not certainly control ; precarious originally meant dependent on the will of another , and now , by extension of meaning , dependent on chance or hazard , with manifest
unfavorable possibility verging toward probability ; as , one holds office by a precarious tenure , or land by a precarious title ; the strong man's hold on life is uncertain , the invalid's is precarious .
antonyms :
actual , immutable , real , steady , undeniable , assured , incontestable , settled , strong , undoubted , certain , infallible , stable , sure , unquestionable .
firm ,
* * * * *
precedent .
synonyms :
antecedent , case , instance , pattern , authority , example , obiter dictum , warrant .
a precedent is an authoritative case , example , or instance .
the communism of the early christians in jerusalem is a wonderful example or instance of christian liberality , but not a precedent for the universal church through all time .
cases decided by irregular or unauthorized tribunals are not precedents for the regular administration of law .
an obiter dictum is an opinion outside of the case in hand , which can not be quoted as an authoritative precedent .
compare cause ; example .
* * * * *
predestination .
synonyms :
fate , foreknowledge , foreordination , necessity .
predestination is a previous determination or decision , which , in the divine action , reaches on from eternity .
fate is heathen , an irresistible , irrational power determining all events with no manifest connection with reason or righteousness ; necessity is philosophical , a blind something in the nature of things binding the slightest action or motion in the chain of inevitable , eternal sequence
; foreordination and predestination are christian , denoting the rational and righteous order or decree of the supreme and all - wise god .
foreknowledge is simply god's antecedent knowledge of all events , which some hold to be entirely separable from his foreordination , while others hold foreordination to be inseparably involved in foreknowledge .
antonyms :
accident , choice , freedom , independence , chance , free agency , free will , uncertainty .
prepositions :
predestination of believers to eternal life .
* * * * *
prejudice .
synonyms :
bias , preconception , presumption , partiality , prepossession , unfairness .
a presumption ( literally , a taking beforehand ) is a partial decision formed in advance of argument or evidence , usually grounded on some general principle , and always held subject to revision upon fuller information .
a prejudice or prepossession is grounded often on feeling , fancy , associations , etc .
a prejudice against foreigners is very common in retired communities .
there is always a presumption in favor of what exists , so that the burden of proof is upon one who advocates a change .
a prepossession is always favorable , a prejudice always unfavorable , unless the contrary is expressly stated .
compare injury .
antonyms :
certainty , conviction , evidence , reason , conclusion , demonstration , proof , reasoning .
prepositions :
against ; rarely , in favor of , in one's favor .
* * * * *
pretense .
synonyms :
affectation , disguise , pretext , simulation , air , dissimulation , ruse , subterfuge , assumption , excuse , seeming , trick , cloak , mask , semblance , wile .
color , pretension , show ,
a pretense , in the unfavorable , which is also the usual sense , is something advanced or displayed for the purpose of concealing the reality .
a person makes a pretense of something for the credit or advantage to be gained by it ; he makes what is allowed or approved a pretext for doing what would be opposed or condemned ; a tricky schoolboy makes a pretense of doing an errand which
he does not do , or he makes the actual doing of an errand a pretext for playing truant .
a ruse is something ( especially something slight or petty ) employed to blind or deceive so as to mask an ulterior design , and enable a person to gain some end that he would not be allowed to approach directly .
a pretension is a claim that is or may be contested ; the word is now commonly used in an unfavorable sense .
compare artifice ; hypocrisy .
antonyms :
actuality , frankness , ingenuousness , reality , sincerity , candor , guilelessness , openness , simplicity , truth .
fact , honesty ,
* * * * *
prevent .
synonyms :
anticipate , forestall , obviate , preclude .
the original sense of prevent , to come before , act in advance of , which is now practically obsolete , was still in good use when the authorized version of the bible was made , as appears in such passages as , " when peter was
come into the house , jesus prevented him " ( i .
e . , addressed him first ) , matt .
xvii , 25 ; " thou preventest him with the blessings of goodness " ( i .
e . , by sending the blessings before the desire is formulated or expressed ) , ps .
xxi , 3 .
anticipate is now the only single word usable in this sense ; to forestall is to take or act in advance in one's own behalf and to the prejudice of another or others , as in the phrase " to forestall the market . " but to
anticipate is very frequently used in the favorable sense ; as , his thoughtful kindness anticipated my wish ( i .
e . , met the wish before it was expressed ) : or we say , " i was about to accost him when he anticipated me " ( by speaking first ) ; or one anticipates a payment ( by making it before the time )
; in neither of these cases could we use forestall or prevent .
to obviate ( literally , to stop the way of or remove from the way ) , is to prevent by interception , so that something that would naturally withstand or disturb may be kept from doing so ; to preclude , ( literally , to close
or shut in advance ) is to prevent by anticipation or by logical necessity ; walls and bars precluded the possibility of escape ; a supposition is precluded ; a necessity or difficulty is obviated .
prevent , which at first had only the anticipatory meaning , has come to apply to the stopping of an action at any stage , the completion or conclusion only being thought of as negatived by anticipation ; the enemy passed the outworks and were barely prevented
from capturing the fortress .
compare hinder ; prohibit .
preposition :
he was prevented by illness from joining the expedition .
* * * * *
previous .
synonyms :
antecedent , foregoing , front , preceding , anterior , former , introductory , preliminary , earlier , forward , precedent , prior .
antecedent may denote simple priority in time , implying no direct connection between that which goes before and that which follows ; as , the striking of one clock may be always antecedent to the striking of another with no causal connection between them .
antecedent and previous may refer to that which goes or happens at any distance in advance , preceding is limited to that which is immediately or next before ; an antecedent event may have happened at any time before ; the preceding transaction is the one completed
just before the one with which it is compared ; a previous statement or chapter may be in any part of the book that has gone before ; the preceding statement or chapter comes next before without an interval .
previous often signifies first by right ; as , a previous engagement .
foregoing is used only of that which is spoken or written ; as , the foregoing statements .
anterior , while it can be used of time , is coming to be employed chiefly with reference to place ; as the anterior lobes of the brain .
prior bears exclusive reference to time , and commonly where that which is first in time is first also in right ; as , a prior demand .
former is used of time , or of position in written or printed matter , not of space in general .
we can say former times , a former chapter , etc . , but not the former part of a garden ; we should say the front part of the garden , the forward car of a train .
former has a close relation , or sharp contrast , with something following ; the former always implies the latter , even when not fully expressed , as in acts i , 1 , and eccles .
vii , 10 .
antonyms :
after , consequent , hind , hindmost , latter , subsequent , concluding , following , hinder , later , posterior , succeeding .
preposition :
such was the state of things previous to the revolution .
[ previous to is often used adverbially , in constructions where previously to would be more strictly correct ; as , these arrangements were made previous to my departure . ]
* * * * *
price .
synonyms :
charge , cost , expenditure , expense , outlay , value , worth .
the cost of a thing is all that has been expended upon it , whether in discovery , production , refinement , decoration , transportation , or otherwise , to bring it to its present condition in the hands of its present possessor ; the price of
a thing is what the seller asks for it .
in regular business , as a rule , the seller's price on his wares must be more than their cost to him ; when goods are sold , the price the buyer has paid becomes their cost to himself .
in exceptional cases , when goods are sold at cost , the seller's price is made the same as the cost of the goods to him , the cost to the seller and the cost to the buyer becoming then identical .
price always implies that an article is for sale ; what a man will not sell he declines to put a price on ; hence the significance of the taunting proverb that " every man has his price . " value is the estimated equivalent for an
article , whether the article is for sale or not ; the market value is what it would bring if exposed for sale in the open market ; the intrinsic value is the inherent utility of the article considered by itself alone ; the market value of
an old and rare volume may be very great , while its intrinsic value may be practically nothing .
value has always more reference to others ' estimation ( literally , what the thing will avail with others ) than worth , which regards the thing in and by itself ; thus , intrinsic value is a weaker expression than intrinsic worth .
charge has especial reference to services , expense to minor outlays ; as , the charges of a lawyer or physician ; traveling expenses ; household expenses .
* * * * *
pride .
synonyms :
arrogance , ostentation , self - exaltation , assumption , presumption , self - respect , conceit , reserve , superciliousness , disdain , self - complacency , vainglory , haughtiness , self - conceit , vanity .
insolence , self - esteem ,
haughtiness thinks highly of itself and poorly of others .
arrogance claims much for itself and concedes little to others .
pride is an absorbing sense of one's own greatness ; haughtiness feels one's own superiority to others ; disdain sees contemptuously the inferiority of others to oneself .
presumption claims place or privilege above one's right ; pride deems nothing too high .
insolence is open and rude expression of contempt and hostility , generally from an inferior to a superior , as from a servant to a master or mistress .
in the presence of superiors overweening pride manifests itself in presumption or insolence ; in the presence of inferiors , or those supposed to be inferior , pride manifests itself by arrogance , disdain , haughtiness , superciliousness , or in either case often by cold reserve
.
( see reserve under modesty . ) pride is too self - satisfied to care for praise ; vanity intensely craves admiration and applause .
superciliousness , as if by the uplifted eyebrow , as its etymology suggests ( l .
supercilium , eyebrow , from super , over and cilium , eyelid ) , silently manifests mingled haughtiness and disdain .
assumption quietly takes for granted superiority and privilege which others would be slow to concede .
conceit and vanity are associated with weakness , pride with strength .
conceit may be founded upon nothing ; pride is founded upon something that one is , or has , or has done ; vanity , too , is commonly founded on something real , tho far slighter than would afford foundation for pride .
vanity is eager for admiration and praise , is elated if they are rendered , and pained if they are withheld , and seeks them ; pride could never solicit admiration or praise .
conceit is somewhat stronger than self - conceit .
self - conceit is ridiculous ; conceit is offensive .
self - respect is a thoroughly worthy feeling ; self - esteem is a more generous estimate of one's own character and abilities than the rest of the world are ready to allow .
vainglory is more pompous and boastful than vanity .
compare egotism ; ostentation .
antonyms :
humility , meekness , modesty , self - abasement , self - distrust .
lowliness ,
* * * * *
primeval .
synonyms :
aboriginal , indigenous , patriarchal , primitive , ancient , native , primal , primordial , autochthonic , old , primary , pristine , immemorial , original , prime , uncreated .
aboriginal ( l .
ab , from , origo , origin ) signifies pertaining to the aborigines or earliest known inhabitants of a country in the widest sense , including not merely human beings but inferior animals and plants as well .
autochthonic ( gr .
autos , self , and chth [ = o ] n , earth ) signifies sprung from the earth , especially from the soil of one's native land .
primeval ( l .
primum , first , and aevum , age ) , signifies strictly belonging to the first ages , earliest in time , but often only the earliest of which man knows or conceives , immemorial .
aboriginal , autochthonic , and primeval combine the meanings of ancient and original ; aboriginal inhabitants , autochthonic races , primeval forests .
prime and primary may signify either first in time , or more frequently first in importance ; primary has also the sense of elementary or preparatory ; we speak of a prime minister , a primary school .
primal is chiefly poetic , in the sense of prime ; as , the primal curse .
primordial is first in an order of succession or development ; as , a primordial leaf .
primitive frequently signifies having the original characteristics of that which it represents , as well as standing first in time ; as , the primitive church .
primitive also very frequently signifies having the original or early characteristics without remoteness in time .
primeval simplicity is the simplicity of the earliest ages ; primitive simplicity may be found in retired villages now .
pristine is an elegant word , used almost exclusively in a good sense of that which is original and perhaps ancient ; as , pristine purity , innocence , vigor .
that which is both an original and natural product of a soil or country is said to be indigenous ; that which is actually produced there is said to be native , though it may be of foreign extraction ; humming - birds are indigenous to america
; canaries may be native , but are not indigenous .
immemorial refers solely to time , independently of quality , denoting , in legal phrase , " that whereof the memory of man runneth not to the contrary ; " as , an immemorial custom ; an immemorial abuse .
compare old .
antonyms :
adventitious , foreign , late , new , recent .
exotic , fresh , modern , novel ,
compare synonyms for new .
* * * * *
profit .
synonyms :
advantage , expediency , proceeds , service , avail , gain , receipts , usefulness , benefit , good , return , utility , emolument , improvement , returns , value .
the returns or receipts include all that is received from an outlay or investment ; the profit is the excess ( if any ) of the receipts over the outlay ; hence , in government , morals , etc . , the profit is what is really
good , helpful , useful , valuable .
utility is chiefly used in the sense of some immediate or personal and generally some material good .
advantage is that which gives one a vantage - ground , either for coping with competitors or with difficulties , needs , or demands ; as to have the advantage of a good education ; it is frequently used of what one has beyond another or secures
at the expense of another ; as , to have the advantage of another in an argument , or to take advantage of another in a bargain .
gain is what one secures beyond what he previously possessed .
benefit is anything that does one good .
emolument is profit , return , or value accruing through official position .
expediency has respect to profit or advantage , real or supposed , considered apart from or perhaps in opposition to right , in actions having a moral character .
compare utility .
antonyms :
damage , detriment , harm , injury , ruin , destruction , disadvantage , hurt , loss , waste .
prepositions :
the profit of labor ; on capital ; in business .
* * * * *
progress .
synonyms :
advance , development , improvement , proficiency , advancement , growth , increase , progression .
attainment ,
progress ( l .
pro , forward , gradior , go ) is a moving onward or forward , whether in space or in the mental or moral realm , and may be either mechanical , individual , or social .
attainment , development , and proficiency are more absolute than the other words of the group , denoting some point of advantage or of comparative perfection reached by forward or onward movement ; we speak of attainments in virtue or scholarship , proficiency in music or languages
, the development of new powers or organs ; proficiency includes the idea of skill .
advance may denote either a forward movement or the point gained by forward movement , but always relatively with reference to the point from which the movement started ; as , this is a great advance .
advance admits the possibility of retreat ; progress ( l .
progredi , to walk forward ) is steady and constant forward movement , admitting of pause , but not of retreat ; advance suggests more clearly a point to be reached , while progress lays the emphasis upon the forward movement ; we may speak of slow
or rapid progress , but more naturally of swift advance .
progress is more frequently used of abstractions ; as , the progress of ideas ; progression fixes the attention chiefly upon the act of moving forward .
in a thing good in itself all advance or progress is improvement ; there is a growing tendency to restrict the words to this favorable sense , using increase indifferently of good or evil ; one may say without limitation , " i am an advocate of
progress . "
antonyms :
check , delay , falling off , retrogression , stop , decline , falling back , relapse , stay , stoppage .
prepositions :
the progress of truth ; progress in virtue ; toward perfection ; from a lower to a higher state .
* * * * *
prohibit .
synonyms :
debar , forbid , inhibit , preclude , disallow , hinder , interdict , prevent .
to prohibit is to give some formal command against , and especially to make some authoritative legal enactment against .
debar is said of persons , disallow of acts ; one is debarred from anything when shut off , as by some irresistible authority or necessity ; one is prohibited from an act in express terms ; he may be debarred by silent necessity .
an act is disallowed by the authority that might have allowed it ; the word is especially applied to acts which are done before they are pronounced upon ; thus , a government may disallow the act of its commander in the field or its admiral on
the high seas .
inhibit and interdict are chiefly known by their ecclesiastical use .
as between forbid and prohibit , forbid is less formal and more personal , prohibit more official and judicial , with the implication of readiness to use such force as may be needed to give effect to the enactment ; a parent forbids a child to take
part in some game or to associate with certain companions ; the slave - trade is now prohibited by the leading nations of the world .
many things are prohibited by law which can not be wholly prevented , as gambling and prostitution ; on the other hand , things may be prevented which are not prohibited , as the services of religion , the payment of debts , or military conquest .
that which is precluded need not be prohibited .
compare abolish ; hinder ; prevent .
antonyms :
allow , empower , let , require , authorize , enjoin , license , sanction , command , give consent , order , suffer , consent to , give leave , permit , tolerate , direct , give permission , put up with , warrant .
prepositions :
an act is prohibited by law ; a person is prohibited by law from doing a certain act .
prohibit was formerly construed , as forbid still is , with the infinitive , but the construction with from and the verbal noun has now entirely superseded the older usage .
* * * * *
promote .
synonyms :
advance , encourage , forward , prefer , raise , aid , exalt , foster , push , urge forward , assist , excite , further , push on , urge on .
elevate , foment , help ,
to promote ( l .
pro , forward , and moveo , move ) is to cause to move forward toward some desired end or to raise to some higher position , rank , or dignity .
we promote a person by advancing , elevating , or exalting him to a higher position or dignity .
a person promotes a scheme or an enterprise which others have projected or begun , and which he encourages , forwards , furthers , pushes , or urges on , especially when he acts as the agent of the prime movers and supporters of the enterprise .
one who excites a quarrel originates it ; to promote a quarrel is strictly to foment and urge it on , the one who promotes keeping himself in the background .
compare abet ; quicken .
antonyms :
see synonyms for abase ; allay .
* * * * *
propitiation .
synonyms :
atonement , expiation , reconciliation , satisfaction .
atonement ( at - one - ment ) , originally denoting reconciliation , or the bringing into agreement of those who have been estranged , is now chiefly used , as in theology , in the sense of some offering , sacrifice , or suffering sufficient to
win forgiveness or make up for an offense ; especially and distinctively of the sacrificial work of christ in his humiliation , suffering and death .
expiation is the enduring of the full penalty of a wrong or crime .
propitiation is an offering , action , or sacrifice that makes the governing power propitious toward the offender .
satisfaction in this connection denotes the rendering a full legal equivalent for the wrong done .
propitiation appeases the lawgiver ; satisfaction meets the requirements of the law .
antonyms :
alienation , curse , penalty , reprobation , vengeance , chastisement , estrangement , punishment , retribution , wrath .
condemnation , offense ,
* * * * *
propitious .
synonyms :
auspicious , benignant , favorable , gracious , kindly , benign , clement , friendly , kind , merciful .
that which is auspicious is of favorable omen ; that which is propitious is of favoring influence or tendency ; as , an auspicious morning ; a propitious breeze .
propitious applies to persons , implying kind disposition and favorable inclinations , especially toward the suppliant ; auspicious is not used of persons .
antonyms :
adverse , forbidding , ill - disposed , repellent , unfriendly , antagonistic , hostile , inauspicious , unfavorable , unpropitious .
preposition :
may heaven be propitious to the enterprise .
* * * * *
proposal .
synonyms :
bid , offer , overture , proposition .
an offer or proposal puts something before one for acceptance or rejection , proposal being the more formal word ; a proposition sets forth truth ( or what is claimed to be truth ) in formal statement .
the proposition is for consideration , the proposal for action ; as , a proposition in geometry , a proposal of marriage ; but proposition is often used nearly in the sense of proposal when it concerns a matter for deliberation ; as , a proposition for
the surrender of a fort .
a bid is commercial and often verbal ; as , a bid at an auction ; proposal is used in nearly the same sense , but is more formal .
an overture opens negotiation or conference , and the word is especially used of some movement toward reconciliation ; as , overtures of peace .
antonyms :
acceptance , denial , disapproval , refusal , rejection , repulse .
* * * * *
propose .
synonym :
purpose .
in its most frequent use , propose differs from purpose in that what we purpose lies in our own mind , as a decisive act of will , a determination ; what we propose is offered or stated to others .
in this use of the word , what we propose is open to deliberation , as what we purpose is not .
in another use of the word , one proposes something to or by himself which may or may not be stated to others .
in this latter sense propose is nearly identical with purpose , and the two words have often been used interchangeably .
but in the majority of cases what we purpose is more general , what we propose more formal and definite ; i purpose to do right ; i propose to do this specific thing because it is right .
in the historic sentence , " i propose to move immediately on your works , " purpose would not have the same sharp directness .
* * * * *
protract .
synonyms :
continue , delay , elongate , lengthen , procrastinate , defer , draw out , extend , postpone , prolong .
to protract is to cause to occupy a longer time than is usual , expected , or desirable .
we defer a negotiation which we are slow to enter upon ; we protract a negotiation which we are slow to conclude ; delay may be used of any stage in the proceedings ; we may delay a person as well as an action , but defer
and protract are not used of persons .
elongate is not used of actions or abstractions , but only of material objects or extension in space ; protract is very rarely used of concrete objects or extension in space ; we elongate a line , protract a discussion .
protract has usually an unfavorable sense , implying that the matter referred to is already unduly long , or would be so if longer continued ; continue is neutral , applying equally to the desirable or the undesirable .
postpone implies a definite intention to resume , as defer also does , though less decidedly ; both are often used with some definite limitation of time ; as , to postpone till , until , or to a certain day or hour .
one may defer , delay , or postpone a matter intelligently and for good reason ; he procrastinates through indolence and irresolution .
compare hinder .
antonyms :
abbreviate , conclude , curtail , hurry , reduce , abridge , contract , hasten , limit , shorten .
prepositions :
to protract a speech by verbosity , through an unreasonable time , to , till , or until a late hour .
* * * * *
proverb .
synonyms :
adage , axiom , maxim , saw , aphorism , byword , motto , saying , apothegm , dictum , precept , truism .
the proverb or adage gives homely truth in condensed , practical form , the adage often pictorial .
" hope deferred maketh the heart sick " is a proverb ; " the cat loves fish , but dares not wet her feet , " is an adage .
both the proverb and the adage , but especially the latter , are thought of as ancient and widely known .
an aphorism partakes of the character of a definition ; it is a summary statement of what the author sees and believes to be true .
an apothegm is a terse statement of what is plain or easily proved .
the aphorism is philosophical , the apothegm practical .
a dictum is a statement of some person or school , on whom it depends for authority ; as , a dictum of aristotle .
a saying is impersonal , current among the common people , deriving its authority from its manifest truth or good sense ; as , it is an old saying , " the more haste , the worse speed . " a saw is a saying that is
old , but somewhat worn and tiresome .
precept is a command to duty ; motto or maxim is a brief statement of cherished truth , the maxim being more uniformly and directly practical ; " god is love " may be a motto , " fear god and fear naught , " a maxim
.
the precepts of the sermon on the mount will furnish the christian with invaluable maxims or mottoes .
a byword is a phrase or saying used reproachfully or contemptuously .
* * * * *
prowess .
synonyms :
bravery , gallantry , intrepidity , courage , heroism , valor .
bravery , courage , heroism , and intrepidity may be silent , spiritual , or passive ; they may be exhibited by a martyr at the stake .
prowess and valor imply both daring and doing ; we do not speak of the prowess of a martyr , a child , or a passive sufferer .
valor meets odds or perils with courageous action , doing its utmost to conquer at any risk or cost ; prowess has power adapted to the need ; dauntless valor is often vain against superior prowess .
courage is a nobler word than bravery , involving more of the deep , spiritual , and enduring elements of character ; such an appreciation of peril as would extinguish bravery may only intensify courage , which is resistant and self - conquering ; courage applies to
matters in regard to which valor and prowess can have no place , as submission to a surgical operation , or the facing of censure or detraction for conscience ' sake .
compare brave ; fortitude .
antonyms :
cowardice , cowardliness , effeminacy , fear , pusillanimity , timidity .
* * * * *
prudence .
synonyms :
care , discretion , judgment , carefulness , forecast , judiciousness , caution , foresight , providence , circumspection , forethought , wisdom .
consideration , frugality ,
prudence may be briefly defined as good judgment and foresight , inclining to caution and frugality in practical affairs .
care may respect only the present ; prudence and providence look far ahead and sacrifice the present to the future , prudence watching , saving , guarding , providence planning , doing , preparing , and perhaps expending largely to meet the future demand .
frugality is in many cases one form of prudence .
in a besieged city prudence will reduce the rations , providence will strain every nerve to introduce supplies and to raise the siege .
foresight merely sees the future , and may even lead to the recklessness and desperation to which prudence and providence are so strongly opposed .
forethought is thinking in accordance with wise views of the future , and is nearly equivalent to providence , but it is a more popular and less comprehensive term ; we speak of man's forethought , god's providence .
compare care ; frugality ; wisdom .
antonyms :
folly , imprudence , rashness , thoughtlessness , heedlessness , indiscretion , recklessness , wastefulness .
improvidence , prodigality ,
* * * * *
purchase .
synonyms :
acquire , barter for , get , procure , secure .
bargain for , buy , obtain ,
buy and purchase are close synonyms , signifying to obtain or secure as one's own by paying or promising to pay a price ; in numerous cases the two words are freely interchangeable , but with the difference usually found between words of saxon and those of
french or latin origin .
the saxon buy is used for all the homely and petty concerns of common life , the french purchase is often restricted to transactions of more dignity ; yet the saxon word buy is commonly more emphatic , and in the higher ranges of thought appeals more
strongly to the feelings .
one may either buy or purchase fame , favor , honor , pleasure , etc . , but when our feelings are stirred we speak of victory or freedom as dearly bought .
" buy the truth , and sell it not " ( prov .
xxiii , 23 ) would be greatly weakened by the rendering " purchase the truth , and do not dispose of it . " compare business ; get ; price ; sale .
antonyms :
barter , dispose of , exchange , put to sale , sell .
prepositions :
purchase at a price ; at a public sale ; of or from a person ; for cash ; with money ; on time .
* * * * *
pure .
synonyms :
absolute , guiltless , simple , unmixed , chaste , holy , spotless , unpolluted , classic , immaculate , stainless , unspotted , classical , incorrupt , true , unstained , clean , innocent , unadulterated , unsullied , clear , mere , unblemished , untainted
, continent , perfect , uncorrupted , untarnished , genuine , real , undefiled , upright , guileless , sheer , unmingled , virtuous .
that is pure which is free from mixture or contact with anything that weakens , impairs , or pollutes .
material substances are called pure in the strict sense when free from foreign admixture of any kind ; as , pure oxygen ; the word is often used to signify free from any defiling or objectionable admixture ( the original sense ) ; we speak of water
as pure when it is bright , clear , and refreshing , tho it may contain mineral salts in solution ; in the medical and chemical sense , only distilled water ( aqua pura ) is pure .
in moral and religious use pure is a strong word , denoting positive excellence of a high order ; one is innocent who knows nothing of evil , and has experienced no touch of temptation ; one is pure who , with knowledge of evil and exposure
to temptation , keeps heart and soul unstained .
virtuous refers primarily to right action ; pure to right feeling and motives ; as , " blessed are the pure in heart : for they shall see god , " matt .
v , 8 .
compare fine ; innocent .
antonyms :
adulterated , foul , indecent , obscene , tainted , defiled , gross , indelicate , polluted , tarnished , dirty , immodest , lewd , stained , unchaste , filthy , impure , mixed , sullied , unclean .
* * * * *
put .
synonyms :
deposit , lay , place , set .
put is the most general term for bringing an object to some point or within some space , however exactly or loosely ; we may put a horse in a pasture , or put a bullet in a rifle or into an enemy .
place denotes more careful movement and more exact location ; as , to place a crown on one's head , or a garrison in a city .
to lay is to place in a horizontal position ; to set is to place in an upright position ; we lay a cloth , and set a dish upon a table .
to deposit is to put in a place of security for future use ; as , to deposit money in a bank ; the original sense , to lay down or let down ( quietly ) , is also common ; as , the stream deposits sediment
.
* * * * *
queer .
synonyms :
anomalous , erratic , odd , strange , bizarre , extraordinary , peculiar , uncommon , comical , fantastic , preposterous , unique , crotchety , funny , quaint , unmatched , curious , grotesque , ridiculous , unusual , droll , laughable , singular , whimsical
.
eccentric , ludicrous ,
odd is unmated , as an odd shoe , and so uneven , as an odd number .
singular is alone of its kind ; as , the singular number .
what is singular is odd , but what is odd may not be singular ; as , a drawerful of odd gloves .
a strange thing is something hitherto unknown in fact or in cause .
a singular coincidence is one the happening of which is unusual ; a strange coincidence is one the cause of which is hard to explain .
that which is peculiar belongs especially to a person as his own ; as , israel was called jehovah's " peculiar people , " i .
e . , especially chosen and cherished by him ; in its ordinary use there is the implication that the thing peculiar to one is not common to the majority nor quite approved by them , though it may be shared by many ; as , the
shakers are peculiar .
eccentric is off or aside from the center , and so off or aside from the ordinary and what is considered the normal course ; as , genius is commonly eccentric .
eccentric is a higher and more respectful word than odd or queer .
erratic signifies wandering , a stronger and more censorious term than eccentric .
queer is transverse or oblique , aside from the common in a way that is comical or perhaps slightly ridiculous .
quaint denotes that which is pleasingly odd and fanciful , often with something of the antique ; as , the quaint architecture of medieval towns .
that which is funny is calculated to provoke laughter ; that which is droll is more quietly amusing .
that which is grotesque in the material sense is irregular or misshapen in form or outline or ill - proportioned so as to be somewhat ridiculous ; the french bizarre is practically equivalent to grotesque .
antonyms :
common , familiar , normal , regular , customary , natural , ordinary , usual .
* * * * *
quicken .
synonyms :
accelerate , drive on , hasten , promote , advance , expedite , hurry , speed , despatch , facilitate , make haste , urge , drive , further , press forward , urge on .
to quicken , in the sense here considered , is to increase speed , move or cause to move more rapidly , as through more space or with , a greater number of motions in the same time .
to accelerate is to increase the speed of action or of motion .
a motion whose speed increases upon itself is said to be accelerated , as the motion of a falling body , which becomes swifter with every second of time .
to accelerate any work is to hasten it toward a finish , commonly by quickening all its operations in orderly unity toward the result .
to despatch is to do and be done with , to get a thing off one's hands .
to despatch an enemy is to kill him outright and quickly ; to despatch a messenger is to send him in haste ; to despatch a business is to bring it quickly to an end .
despatch is commonly used of single items .
to promote a cause is in any way to bring it forward , advance it in power , prominence , etc .
to speed is really to secure swiftness ; to hasten is to attempt it , whether successfully or unsuccessfully .
hurry always indicates something of confusion .
the hurried man forgets dignity , appearance , comfort , courtesy , everything but speed ; he may forget something vital to the matter in hand ; yet , because reckless haste may attain the great object of speed , hurry has come to be the colloquial
and popular word for acting quickly .
to facilitate is to quicken by making easy ; to expedite is to quicken by removing hindrances .
a good general will improve roads to facilitate the movements of troops , hasten supplies and perfect discipline to promote the general efficiency of the force , despatch details of business , expedite all preparations , in order to accelerate the advance and victory of his army
.
antonyms :
check , clog , delay , drag , hinder , impede , obstruct , retard .
* * * * *
quote .
synonyms :
cite , extract , plagiarize , repeat .
excerpt , paraphrase , recite ,
to quote is to give an author's words , either exactly , as in direct quotation , or in substance , as in indirect quotation ; to cite is , etymologically , to call up a passage , as a witness is summoned .
in citing a passage its exact location by chapter , page , or otherwise , must be given , so that it can be promptly called into evidence ; in quoting , the location may or may not be given , but the words or substance of
the passage must be given .
in citing , neither the author's words nor his thought may be given , but simply the reference to the location where they may be found .
to quote , in the proper sense , is to give credit to the author whose words are employed .
to paraphrase is to state an author's thought more freely than in indirect quotation , keeping the substance of thought and the order of statement , but changing the language , and commonly interweaving more or less explanatory matter as if part of the original writing .
one may paraphrase a work with worthy motive for homiletic , devotional , or other purposes ( as in the metrical versions of the psalms ) , or he may plagiarize atrociously in the form of paraphrase , appropriating all that is valuable in another's thought ,
with the hope of escaping detection by change of phrase .
to plagiarize is to quote without credit , appropriating another's words or thought as one's own .
to recite or repeat is usually to quote orally , tho recite is applied in legal phrase to a particular statement of facts which is not a quotation ; a kindred use obtains in ordinary speech ; as , to recite one's misfortunes .
* * * * *
racy .
synonyms :
flavorous , lively , pungent , spicy , forcible , piquant , rich , spirited .
racy applies in the first instance to the pleasing flavor characteristic of certain wines , often attributed to the soil from which they come .
pungent denotes something sharply irritating to the organs of taste or smell , as pepper , vinegar , ammonia ; piquant denotes a quality similar in kind to pungent but less in degree , stimulating and agreeable ; pungent spices may be deftly compounded into a piquant
sauce .
as applied to literary products , racy refers to that which has a striking , vigorous , pleasing originality ; spicy to that which is stimulating to the mental taste , as spice is to the physical ; piquant and pungent in their figurative use keep very
close to their literal sense .
antonyms :
cold , flat , insipid , stale , tasteless , dull , flavorless , prosy , stupid , vapid .
* * * * *
radical .
synonyms :
complete , ingrained , perfect , constitutional , innate , positive , entire , native , primitive , essential , natural , thorough , extreme , organic , thoroughgoing , fundamental , original , total .
the widely divergent senses in which the word radical is used , by which it can be at some time interchanged with any word in the above list , are all formed upon the one primary sense of having to do with or proceeding from the root
( l .
radix ) ; a radical difference is one that springs from the root , and is thus constitutional , essential , fundamental , organic , original ; a radical change is one that does not stop at the surface , but reaches down to the very root
, and is entire , thorough , total ; since the majority find superficial treatment of any matter the easiest and most comfortable , radical measures , which strike at the root of evil or need , are apt to be looked upon as extreme .
antonyms :
conservative , incomplete , palliative , slight , tentative , inadequate , moderate , partial , superficial , trial .
* * * * *
rare .
synonyms :
curious , odd , scarce , unique , extraordinary , peculiar , singular , unparalleled , incomparable , precious , strange , unprecedented , infrequent , remarkable , uncommon , unusual .
unique is alone of its kind ; rare is infrequent of its kind ; great poems are rare ; " paradise lost " is unique .
to say of a thing that it is rare is simply to affirm that it is now seldom found , whether previously common or not ; as , a rare old book ; a rare word ; to call a thing scarce implies that it was at
some time more plenty , as when we say food or money is scarce .
a particular fruit or coin may be rare ; scarce applies to demand and use , and almost always to concrete things ; to speak of virtue , genius , or heroism as scarce would be somewhat ludicrous .
rare has the added sense of precious , which is sometimes , but not necessarily , blended with that above given ; as , a rare gem .
extraordinary , signifying greatly beyond the ordinary , is a neutral word , capable of a high and good sense or of an invidious , opprobrious , or contemptuous signification ; as , extraordinary genius ; extraordinary wickedness ; an extraordinary assumption of power ; extraordinary antics
; an extraordinary statement is incredible without overwhelming proof .
antonyms :
see synonyms for general ; normal ; usual .
* * * * *
reach .
synonyms :
arrive , attain , come to , enter , gain , get to , land .
to reach , in the sense here considered , is to come to by motion or progress .
attain is now oftenest used of abstract relations ; as , to attain success .
when applied to concrete matters , it commonly signifies the overcoming of hindrance and difficulty ; as , the storm - beaten ship at length attained the harbor .
come is the general word for moving to or toward the place where the speaker or writer is or supposes himself to be .
to reach is to come to from a distance that is actually or relatively considerable ; to stretch the journey , so to speak , across the distance , as , in its original meaning , one reaches an object by stretching out the hand .
to gain is to reach or attain something eagerly sought ; the wearied swimmer reaches or gains the shore .
one comes in from his garden ; he reaches home from a journey .
to arrive is to come to a destination , to reach a point intended or proposed .
the european steamer arrives in port , or reaches the harbor ; the dismantled wreck drifts ashore , or comes to land .
compare attain .
antonyms :
depart , go , go away , leave , set out , set sail , start , weigh anchor .
embark ,
* * * * *
real .
synonyms :
actual , demonstrable , genuine , true , authentic , developed , positive , unquestionable , certain , essential , substantial , veritable .
real ( l .
res , a thing ) signifies having existence , not merely in thought , but in fact , or being in fact according to appearance or claim ; denoting the thing as distinguished from the name , or the existent as opposed to the non - existent
.
actual has respect to a thing accomplished by doing , real to a thing as existing by whatever means or from whatever cause , positive to that which is fixed or established , developed to that which has reached completion by a natural process of unfolding .
actual is in opposition to the supposed , conceived , or reported , and furnishes the proof of its existence in itself ; real is opposed to feigned or imaginary , and is capable of demonstration ; positive , to the uncertain or doubtful ; developed ,
to that which is undeveloped or incomplete .
the developed is susceptible of proof ; the positive precludes the necessity for proof .
the present condition of a thing is its actual condition ; ills are real that have a substantial reason ; proofs are positive when they give the mind certainty ; a plant is developed when it has reached its completed stage .
real estate is land , together with trees , water , minerals , or other natural accompaniments , and any permanent structures that man has built upon it .
compare authentic .
antonyms :
conceived , feigned , illusory , supposed , unreal , fabulous , fictitious , imaginary , supposititious , untrue , fanciful , hypothetical , reported , theoretical , visionary .
* * * * *
reason , v .
synonyms :
argue , debate , discuss , establish , question , contend , demonstrate , dispute , prove , wrangle .
controvert ,
to reason is to examine by means of the reason , to prove by reasoning , or to influence or seek to influence others by reasoning or reasons .
persons may contend either from mere ill will or self - interest , or from the highest motives ; " that ye should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered to the saints , " jude 3 .
to argue ( l .
arguo , show ) is to make a matter clear by reasoning ; to discuss ( l .
dis , apart , and quatio , shake ) is , etymologically , to shake it apart for examination and analysis .
demonstrate strictly applies to mathematical or exact reasoning ; prove may be used in the same sense , but is often applied to reasoning upon matters of fact by what is called probable evidence , which can give only moral and not absolute or mathematical certainty .
to demonstrate is to force the mind to a conclusion by irresistible reasoning ; to prove is rather to establish a fact by evidence ; as , to prove one innocent or guilty .
that which has been either demonstrated or proved so as to secure general acceptance is said to be established .
reason is a neutral word , not , like argue , debate , discuss , etc . , naturally or necessarily implying contest .
we reason about a matter by bringing up all that reason can give us on any side .
a dispute may be personal , fractious , and petty ; a debate is formal and orderly ; if otherwise , it becomes a mere wrangle .
prepositions :
we reason with a person about a subject , for or against an opinion ; we reason a person into or out of a course of action ; or we may reason down an opponent or opposition ; one reasons from a cause to an effect .
* * * * *
reason , n .
synonyms :
account , cause , end , motive , principle , aim , consideration , ground , object , purpose .
argument , design ,
while the cause of any event , act , or fact , as commonly understood , is the power that makes it to be , the reason of or for it is the explanation given by the human mind ; but reason is , in popular language
, often used as equivalent to cause , especially in the sense of final cause .
in the statement of any reasoning , the argument may be an entire syllogism , or the premises considered together apart from the conclusion , or in logical strictness the middle term only by which the particular conclusion is connected with the general statement .
but when the reasoning is not in strict logical form , the middle term following the conclusion is called the reason ; thus in the statement " all tyrants deserve death ; caesar was a tyrant ; therefore caesar deserved death , " " caesar was a
tyrant " would in the strictest sense be called the argument ; but if we say " caesar deserved death because he was a tyrant , " the latter clause would be termed the reason .
compare cause ; reason , v . ; mind ; reasoning .
prepositions :
the reason of a thing that is to be explained ; the reason for a thing that is to be done .
* * * * *
reasoning .
synonyms :
argument , argumentation , debate , ratiocination .
argumentation and debate , in the ordinary use of the words , suppose two parties alleging reasons for and against a proposition ; the same idea appears figuratively when we speak of a debate or an argument with oneself , or of a debate between reason and
conscience .
reasoning may be the act of one alone , as it is simply the orderly setting forth of reasons , whether for the instruction of inquirers , the confuting of opponents , or the clear establishment of truth for oneself .
reasoning may be either deductive or inductive .
argument or argumentation was formerly used of deductive reasoning only .
with the rise of the inductive philosophy these words have come to be applied to inductive processes also ; but while reasoning may be informal or even ( as far as tracing its processes is concerned ) unconscious , argument and argumentation strictly imply logical form .
reasoning , as denoting a process , is a broader term than reason or argument ; many arguments or reasons may be included in a single chain of reasoning .
* * * * *
rebellious .
synonyms :
contumacious , mutinous , uncontrollable , disobedient , refractory , ungovernable , insubordinate , seditious , unmanageable .
intractable ,
rebellious signifies being in a state of rebellion ( see rebellion under revolution ) , and is even extended to inanimate things that resist control or adaptation to human use .
ungovernable applies to that which successfully defies authority and power ; unmanageable to that which resists the utmost exercise of skill or of skill and power combined ; rebellious , to that which is defiant of authority , whether successfully or unsuccessfully ; seditious , to that
which partakes of or tends to excite a rebellious spirit , seditious suggesting more of covert plan , scheming , or conspiracy , rebellious more of overt act or open violence .
while the unmanageable or ungovernable defies control , the rebellious or seditious may be forced to submission ; as , the man has an ungovernable temper ; the horses became unmanageable ; he tamed his rebellious spirit .
insubordinate applies to the disposition to resist and resent control as such ; mutinous , to open defiance of authority , especially in the army , navy , or merchant marine .
a contumacious act or spirit is contemptuous as well as defiant .
compare obstinate ; revolution .
antonyms :
compliant , docile , manageable , subservient , controllable , dutiful , obedient , tractable , deferential , gentle , submissive , yielding .
prepositions :
rebellious to or against lawful authority .
* * * * *
record .
synonyms :
account , enrolment , instrument , register , archive , entry , inventory , roll , catalogue , enumeration , memorandum , schedule , chronicle , history , memorial , scroll .
document , inscription , muniment ,
a memorial is any object , whether a writing , a monument , or other permanent thing that is designed or adapted to keep something in remembrance .
record is a word of wide signification , applying to any writing , mark , or trace that serves as a memorial giving enduring attestation of an event or fact ; an extended account , chronicle , or history is a record ; so , too ,
may be a brief inventory or memorandum ; the inscription on a tombstone is a record of the dead ; the striae on a rock - surface are the record of a glacier's passage .
a register is a formal or official written record , especially a series of entries made for preservation or reference ; as , a register of births and deaths .
archives , in the sense here considered , are documents or records , often legal records , preserved in a public or official depository ; the word archives is also applied to the place where such documents are regularly deposited and preserved .
muniments ( l .
munio , fortify ) are records that enable one to defend his title .
compare history ; story .
* * * * *
recover .
synonyms :
be cured or healed , heal , recuperate , restore , be restored , reanimate , regain , resume , cure , recruit , repossess , retrieve .
the transitive use of recover in the sense of cure , heal , etc . , as in 2 kings v , 6 , " that thou mayest recover him of his leprosy , " is now practically obsolete .
the chief transitive use of recover is in the sense to obtain again after losing , regain , repossess , etc . ; as , to recover stolen goods ; to recover health .
the intransitive sense , be cured , be restored , etc . , is very common ; as , to recover from sickness , terror , or misfortune .
antonyms :
die , fail , grow worse , relapse , sink .
prepositions :
from ; rarely of ; ( law ) to recover judgment against , to recover damages of or from a person .
* * * * *
refinement .
synonyms :
civilization , cultivation , culture , elegance , politeness .
civilization applies to nations , denoting the sum of those civil , social , economic , and political attainments by which a community is removed from barbarism ; a people may be civilized while still far from refinement or culture , but civilization is susceptible of various
degrees and of continued progress .
refinement applies either to nations or individuals , denoting the removal of what is coarse and rude , and a corresponding attainment of what is delicate , elegant , and beautiful .
cultivation , denoting primarily the process of cultivating the soil or growing crops , then the improved condition of either which is the result , is applied in similar sense to the human mind and character , but in this usage is now largely superseded by the
term culture , which denotes a high development of the best qualities of man's mental and spiritual nature , with especial reference to the esthetic faculties and to graces of speech and manner , regarded as the expression of a refined nature .
culture in the fullest sense denotes that degree of refinement and development which results from continued cultivation through successive generations ; a man's faculties may be brought to a high degree of cultivation in some specialty , while he himself remains uncultured even to the extent of
coarseness and rudeness .
compare humane ; polite .
antonyms :
barbarism , brutality , coarseness , rudeness , savagery , boorishness , clownishness , grossness , rusticity , vulgarity .
* * * * *
refute .
synonyms :
confound , confute , disprove , overthrow , repel .
to refute and to confute are to answer so as to admit of no reply .
to refute a statement is to demonstrate its falsity by argument or countervailing proof ; confute is substantially the same in meaning , tho differing in usage .
refute applies either to arguments and opinions or to accusations ; confute is not applied to accusations and charges , but to arguments or opinions .
refute is not now applied to persons , but confute is in good use in this application ; a person is confuted when his arguments are refuted .
* * * * *
reliable .
synonyms :
trustworthy , trusty .
the word reliable has been sharply challenged , but seems to have established its place in the language .
the objection to its use on the ground that the suffix - able can not properly be added to an intransitive verb is answered by the citation of such words as " available , " " conversable , " " laughable , " and the like ,
while , in the matter of usage , reliable has the authority of coleridge , martineau , mill , irving , newman , gladstone , and others of the foremost of recent english writers .
the objection to the application of reliable to persons is not sustained by the use of the verb " rely , " which is applied to persons in the authorized version of the scriptures , in the writings of shakespeare and bacon , and in the usage
of good speakers and writers .
trusty and trustworthy refer to inherent qualities of a high order , trustworthy being especially applied to persons , and denoting moral integrity and truthfulness ; we speak of a trusty sword , a trusty servant ; we say the man is thoroughly trustworthy .
reliable is inferior in meaning , denoting merely the possession of such qualities as are needed for safe reliance ; as , a reliable pledge ; reliable information .
a man is said to be reliable with reference not only to moral qualities , but to judgment , knowledge , skill , habit , or perhaps pecuniary ability ; a thoroughly trustworthy person might not be reliable as a witness on account of unconscious sympathy ,
or as a security by reason of insufficient means .
a reliable messenger is one who may be depended on to do his errand correctly and promptly ; a trusty or trustworthy messenger is one who may be admitted to knowledge of the views and purposes of those who employ him , and who will be faithful
beyond the mere letter of his commission .
we can speak of a railroad - train as reliable when it can be depended on to arrive on time ; but to speak of a reliable friend would be cold , and to speak of a warrior girding on his reliable sword would be ludicrous .
* * * * *
religion .
synonyms :
devotion , godliness , morality , piety , theology , faith , holiness , pietism , righteousness , worship .
piety is primarily filial duty , as of children to parents , and hence , in its highest sense , a loving obedience and service to god as the heavenly father ; pietism often denotes a mystical , sometimes an affected piety ; religion is the reverent
acknowledgment both in heart and in act of a divine being .
religion , in the fullest and highest sense , includes all the other words of this group .
worship may be external and formal , or it may be the adoring reverence of the human spirit for the divine , seeking outward expression .
devotion , which in its fullest sense is self - consecration , is often used to denote an act of worship , especially prayer or adoration ; as , he is engaged in his devotions .
morality is the system and practise of duty as required by the moral law , consisting chiefly in outward acts , and thus may be observed without spiritual rectitude of heart ; morality is of necessity included in all true religion , which involves both outward act
and spiritual service .
godliness ( primarily godlikeness ) is a character and spirit like that of god .
holiness is the highest , sinless perfection of any spirit , whether divine or human , tho often used for purity or for consecration .
theology is the science of religion , or the study and scientific statement of all that the human mind can know of god .
faith , strictly the belief and trust which the soul exercises toward god , is often used as a comprehensive word for a whole system of religion considered as the object of faith ; as , the christian faith ; the mohammedan faith .
antonyms :
atheism , godlessness , irreligion , sacrilege , ungodliness , blasphemy , impiety , profanity , unbelief , wickedness .
* * * * *
reluctant .
synonyms :
averse , disinclined , loath , slow , backward , indisposed , opposed , unwilling .
reluctant ( l .
re , back , and lucto , strive , struggle ) signifies struggling against what one is urged or impelled to do , or is actually doing ; averse ( l .
a , from , and verto , turn ) signifies turned away as with dislike or repugnance ; loath ( as .
lath , evil , hateful ) signifies having a repugnance , disgust , or loathing for , tho the adjective loath is not so strong as the verb loathe .
a dunce is always averse to study ; a good student is disinclined to it when a fine morning tempts him out ; he is indisposed to it in some hour of weariness .
a man may be slow or backward in entering upon that to which he is by no means averse .
a man is loath to believe evil of his friend , reluctant to speak of it , absolutely unwilling to use it to his injury .
a legislator may be opposed to a certain measure , while not averse to what it aims to accomplish .
compare antipathy .
antonyms :
desirous , disposed , eager , favorable , inclined , willing .
* * * * *
remark .
synonyms :
annotation , comment , note , observation , utterance .
a remark is a saying or brief statement , oral or written , commonly made without much premeditation ; a comment is an explanatory or critical remark , as upon some passage in a literary work or some act or speech in common life .
a note is something to call attention , hence a brief written statement ; in correspondence , a note is briefer than a letter .
a note upon some passage in a book is briefer and less elaborate than a comment .
annotations are especially brief notes , commonly marginal , and closely following the text .
comments , observations , or remarks may be oral or written , comments being oftenest written , and remarks oftenest oral .
an observation is properly the result of fixed attention and reflection ; a remark may be the suggestion of the instant .
remarks are more informal than a speech .
* * * * *
rend .
synonyms :
break , cleave , mangle , rive , sever , sunder , burst , lacerate , rip , rupture , slit , tear .
rend and tear are applied to the separating of textile substances into parts by force violently applied ( rend also to frangible substances ) , tear being the milder , rend the stronger word .
rive is a wood - workers ' word for parting wood in the way of the grain without a clean cut .
to lacerate is to tear roughly the flesh or animal tissue , as by the teeth of a wild beast ; a lacerated wound is distinguished from a wound made by a clean cut or incision .
mangle is a stronger word than lacerate ; lacerate is more superficial , mangle more complete .
to burst or rupture is to tear or rend by force from within , burst denoting the greater violence ; as , to burst a gun ; to rupture a blood - vessel ; a steam - boiler may be ruptured when its substance is made to
divide by internal pressure without explosion .
to rip , as usually applied to garments or other articles made by sewing or stitching , is to divide along the line of a seam by cutting or breaking the stitches ; the other senses bear some resemblance or analogy to this ; as , to
rip open a wound .
compare break .
antonyms :
heal , mend , reunite , secure , sew , solder , stitch , unite , weld .
join ,
* * * * *
renounce .
synonyms :
abandon , disavow , disown , recant , repudiate , abjure , discard , forswear , refuse , retract , deny , disclaim , recall , reject , revoke .
abjure , discard , forswear , recall , recant , renounce , retract , and revoke , like abandon , imply some previous connection .
renounce ( l .
re , back , and nuntio , bear a message ) is to declare against and give up formally and definitively ; as , to renounce the pomps and vanities of the world .
recant ( l .
re , back , and canto , sing ) is to take back or deny formally and publicly , as a belief that one has held or professed .
retract ( l .
re , back , and traho , draw ) is to take back something that one has said as not true or as what one is not ready to maintain ; as , to retract a charge or accusation ; one recants what was especially his own
, he retracts what was directed against another .
repudiate ( l .
re , back , or away , and pudeo , feel shame ) is primarily to renounce as shameful , hence to divorce , as a wife ; thus in general to put away with emphatic and determined repulsion ; as , to repudiate a debt .
to deny is to affirm to be not true or not binding ; as , to deny a statement or a relationship ; or to refuse to grant as something requested ; as , his mother could not deny him what he desired .
to discard is to cast away as useless or worthless ; thus , one discards a worn garment ; a coquette discards a lover .
revoke ( l .
re , back , and voco , call ) , etymologically the exact equivalent of the english recall , is to take back something given or granted ; as , to revoke a command , a will , or a grant ; recall may be used in
the exact sense of revoke , but is often applied to persons , as revoke is not ; we recall a messenger and revoke the order with which he was charged .
abjure ( l .
ab , away , and juro , swear ) is etymologically the exact equivalent of the saxon forswear , signifying to put away formally and under oath , as an error , heresy , or evil practise , or a condemned and detested person .
a man abjures his religion , recants his belief , abjures or renounces his allegiance , repudiates another's claim , renounces his own , retracts a false statement .
a person may deny , disavow , disclaim , disown what has been truly or falsely imputed to him or supposed to be his .
he may deny his signature , disavow the act of his agent , disown his child ; he may repudiate a just claim or a base suggestion .
a native of the united states can not abjure or renounce allegiance to the queen of england , but will promptly deny or repudiate it .
compare abandon .
antonyms :
acknowledge , assert , cherish , defend , maintain , proclaim , uphold , advocate , avow , claim , hold , own , retain , vindicate .
* * * * *
repentance .
synonyms :
compunction , contriteness , regret , self - condemnation , contrition , penitence , remorse , sorrow .
regret is sorrow for any painful or annoying matter .
one is moved with penitence for wrong - doing .
to speak of regret for a fault of our own marks it as slighter than one regarding which we should express penitence .
repentance is sorrow for sin with self - condemnation , and complete turning from the sin .
penitence is transient , and may involve no change of character or conduct .
there may be sorrow without repentance , as for consequences only , but not repentance without sorrow .
compunction is a momentary sting of conscience , in view either of a past or of a contemplated act .
contrition is a subduing sorrow for sin , as against the divine holiness and love .
remorse is , as its derivation indicates , a biting or gnawing back of guilt upon the heart , with no turning of heart from the sin , and no suggestion of divine forgiveness .
antonyms :
approval , content , obduracy , self - complacency , comfort , hardness , obstinacy , self - congratulation , complacency , impenitence , self - approval , stubbornness .
prepositions :
repentance of or in heart , or from the heart ; repentance for sins ; before or toward god ; unto life .
* * * * *
report .
synonyms :
account , narrative , rehearsal , rumor , story , description , recital , relation , statement , tale .
narration , record ,
account carries the idea of a commercial summary .
a statement is definite , confined to essentials and properly to matters within the personal knowledge of the one who states them ; as , an ante - mortem statement .
a narrative is a somewhat extended and embellished account of events in order of time , ordinarily with a view to please or entertain .
a description gives especial scope to the pictorial element .
a report ( l .
re , back , and porto , bring ) , as its etymology implies , is something brought back , as by one sent to obtain information , and may be concise and formal or highly descriptive and dramatic .
compare allegory ; history ; record .
* * * * *
reproof .
synonyms :
admonition , chiding , disapproval , reprimand , animadversion , comment , objurgation , reproach , blame , condemnation , rebuke , reproval , censure , criticism , reflection , upbraiding .
check , denunciation , reprehension ,
blame , censure , and disapproval may either be felt or uttered ; comment , criticism , rebuke , reflection , reprehension , and reproof are always expressed .
the same is true of admonition and animadversion .
comment and criticism may be favorable as well as censorious ; they imply no superiority or authority on the part of him who utters them ; nor do reflection or reprehension , which are simply turning the mind back upon what is disapproved .
reprehension is supposed to be calm and just , and with good intent ; it is therefore a serious matter , however mild , and is capable of great force , as expressed in the phrase severe reprehension .
reflection is often from mere ill feeling , and is likely to be more personal and less impartial than reprehension ; we often speak of unkind or unjust reflections .
rebuke , literally a stopping of the mouth , is administered to a forward or hasty person ; reproof is administered to one intentionally or deliberately wrong ; both words imply authority in the reprover , and direct expression of disapproval to the face of the person
rebuked or reproved .
reprimand is official censure formally administered by a superior to one under his command .
animadversion is censure of a high , authoritative , and somewhat formal kind .
rebuke may be given at the outset , or in the midst of an action ; animadversion , reflection , reprehension , reproof , always follow the act ; admonition is anticipatory , and meant to be preventive .
check is allied to rebuke , and given before or during action ; chiding is nearer to reproof , but with more of personal bitterness and less of authority .
compare condemn ; reprove .
antonyms :
applause , approval , encomium , eulogy , panegyric , praise .
approbation , commendation ,
* * * * *
reprove .
synonyms :
admonish , condemn , reprimand , blame , expostulate with , reproach , censure , find fault with , take to task , chasten , rebuke , upbraid , check , remonstrate with , warn .
chide , reprehend ,
to censure is to pronounce an adverse judgment that may or may not be expressed to the person censured ; to reprove is to censure authoritatively , openly , and directly to the face of the person reproved ; to rebuke is to reprove with sharpness ,
and often with abruptness , usually in the midst of some action or course of action deemed censurable ; to reprimand is to reprove officially ; to blame is a familiar word signifying to pass censure upon , make answerable , as for a fault ; blame
and censure apply either to persons or acts ; reprove and rebuke are applied chiefly , and reprimand exclusively to persons .
to reproach is to censure openly and vehemently , and with intense personal feeling as of grief or anger ; as , to reproach one for ingratitude ; reproach knows no distinction of rank or character ; a subject may reproach a king or a criminal judge
.
to expostulate or remonstrate with is to mingle reasoning and appeal with censure in the hope of winning one from his evil way , expostulate being the gentler , remonstrate the severer word .
admonish is the mildest of reproving words , and may even be used of giving a caution or warning where no wrong is implied , or of simply reminding of duty which might be forgotten .
censure , rebuke , and reprove apply to wrong that has been done ; warn and admonish refer to anticipated error or fault .
when one is admonished because of wrong already done , the view is still future , that he may not repeat or continue in the wrong .
compare condemn ; reproof .
antonyms :
abet , approve , countenance , impel , instigate , applaud , cheer , encourage , incite , urge on .
* * * * *
requite .
synonyms :
avenge , punish , remunerate , revenge , compensate , quit , repay , reward , pay , reciprocate , retaliate , satisfy , pay off , recompense , return , settle with .
to repay or to retaliate , to punish or to reward , may be to make some return very inadequate to the benefit or injury received , or the right or wrong done ; but to requite ( according to its etymology ) is to make so
full and adequate a return as to quit oneself of all obligation of favor or hostility , of punishment or reward .
requite is often used in the more general sense of recompense or repay , but always with the suggestion , at least , of the original idea of full equivalent ; when one speaks of requiting kindness with ingratitude , the expression gains force from the comparison
of the actual with the proper and appropriate return .
compare pay .
antonyms :
absolve , excuse , forgive , overlook , pass over , acquit , forget , neglect , pardon , slight .
preposition :
to requite injury with injury is human , but not christian .
* * * * *
rest .
synonyms :
calm , pause , quietness , slumber , calmness , peace , quietude , stay , cessation , peacefulness , recreation , stillness , ease , quiescence , repose , stop , intermission , quiet , sleep , tranquillity .
ease denotes freedom from cause of disturbance , whether external or internal .
quiet denotes freedom from agitation , or especially from annoying sounds .
rest is a cessation of activity especially of wearying or painful activity .
recreation is some pleasing activity of certain organs or faculties that affords rest to other parts of our nature that have become weary .
repose is a laying down , primarily of the body , and figuratively a similar freedom from toil or strain of mind .
repose is more complete than rest ; a pause is a momentary cessation of activity ; a black - smith finds a temporary rest while the iron is heating , but he does not yield to repose ; in a pause of battle a soldier rests on
his arms ; after the battle the victor reposes on his laurels .
sleep is the perfection of repose , the most complete rest ; slumber is a light and ordinarily pleasant form of sleep .
in the figurative sense , rest of mind , soul , conscience , is not mere cessation of activity , but a pleasing , tranquil relief from all painful and wearying activity ; repose is even more deep , tranquil , and complete .
antonyms :
agitation , disturbance , movement , stir , tumult , commotion , excitement , restlessness , strain , unrest , disquiet , motion , rush , toil , work .
* * * * *
restive .
synonyms :
balky , impatient , rebellious , restless , fidgety , intractable , recalcitrant , skittish , fractious , mulish , refractory , stubborn , fretful , mutinous , resentful , unruly , frisky , obstinate , restiff , vicious .
balky , mulish , obstinate , and stubborn are synonyms of restive only in an infrequent if not obsolete use ; the supposed sense of " tending to rest , " " standing stubbornly still , " is scarcely supported by any examples , and those cited
to support that meaning often fail to do so .
the disposition to offer active resistance to control by any means whatever is what is commonly indicated by restive in the best english speech and literature .
dryden speaks of " the pampered colt " as " restiff to the rein ; " but the rein is not used to propel a horse forward , but to hold him in , and it is against this that he is " restiff . " a
horse may be made restless by flies or by martial music , but with no refractoriness ; the restive animal impatiently resists or struggles to break from control , as by bolting , flinging his rider , or otherwise .
with this the metaphorical use of the word agrees , which is always in the sense of such terms as impatient , intractable , rebellious , and the like ; a people restive under despotism are not disposed to " rest " under it , but to
resist it and fling it off .
antonyms :
docile , manageable , passive , quiet , tractable , gentle , obedient , peaceable , submissive , yielding .
* * * * *
restrain .
synonyms :
abridge , constrain , hold in , keep under , bridle , curb , keep , repress , check , hinder , keep back , restrict , circumscribe , hold , keep down , suppress , confine , hold back , keep in , withhold .
to restrain is to hold back from acting , proceeding , or advancing , either by physical or moral force .
constrain is positive ; restrain is negative ; one is constrained to an action ; he is restrained from an action .
constrain refers almost exclusively to moral force , restrain frequently to physical force , as when we speak of putting one under restraint .
to restrain an action is to hold it partially or wholly in check , so that it is under pressure even while it acts ; to restrict an action is to fix a limit or boundary which it may not pass , but within which it is
free .
to repress , literally to press back , is to hold in check , and perhaps only temporarily , that which is still very active ; it is a feebler word than restrain ; to suppress is finally and effectually to put down ; suppress is a
much stronger word than restrain ; as , to suppress a rebellion .
compare arrest ; bind ; keep .
antonyms :
aid , arouse , encourage , free , incite , release , animate , emancipate , excite , impel , let loose , set free .
* * * * *
retirement .
synonyms :
loneliness , privacy , seclusion , solitude .
in retirement one withdraws from association he has had with others ; we speak of the retirement of a public man to private life , tho he may still be much in company .
in seclusion one shuts himself away from the society of all except intimate friends or attendants ; in solitude no other person is present .
while seclusion is ordinarily voluntary , solitude may be enforced ; we speak of the solitude rather than the seclusion of a prisoner .
as " private " denotes what concerns ourselves individually , privacy denotes freedom from the presence or observation of those not concerned or whom we desire not to have concerned in our affairs ; privacy is more commonly temporary than seclusion ; we speak of a moment's
privacy .
there may be loneliness without solitude , as amid an unsympathizing crowd , and solitude without loneliness , as when one is glad to be alone .
antonyms :
association , companionship , company , converse , fellowship , society .
* * * * *
revelation .
synonyms :
apocalypse , disclosure , manifestation .
revelation ( l .
re , back , and velum , veil ) , literally an unveiling , is the act or process of making known what was before secret or hidden , or what may still be future .
apocalypse ( gr .
apo , from , and kalypto , cover ) , literally an uncovering , comes into english as the name of the closing book of the bible .
the apocalypse unveils the future , as if to the very gaze of the seer ; the whole gospel is a disclosure of the mercy of god ; the character of christ is a manifestation of the divine holiness and love ; all scripture is a revelation
of the divine will .
or we might say that nature is a manifestation of the divine character and will , of which scripture is the fuller and more express revelation .
antonyms :
cloud , concealment , mystery , shrouding , cloudiness , hiding , obscuration , veiling .
* * * * *
revenge .
synonyms :
avenging , retaliation , retribution , vengeance .
requital ,
revenge is the act of making return for an injury done to oneself by doing injury to another person .
retaliation and revenge are personal and often bitter .
retaliation may be partial ; revenge is meant to be complete , and may be excessive .
vengeance , which once meant an indignant vindication of justice , now signifies the most furious and unsparing revenge .
revenge emphasizes more the personal injury in return for which it is inflicted , vengeance the ill desert of those upon whom it is inflicted .
a requital is strictly an even return , such as to quit one of obligation for what has been received , and even if poor or unworthy is given as complete and adequate .
avenging and retribution give a solemn sense of exact justice , avenging being more personal in its infliction , whether by god or man , and retribution the impersonal visitation of the doom of righteous law .
compare avenge ; hatred ; requite .
antonyms :
compassion , forgiveness , mercy , pardon , pity , reconciliation .
excuse , grace ,
prepositions :
to take revenge upon the enemy , for the injury .
* * * * *
revolution .
synonyms :
anarchy , insurrection , revolt , confusion , lawlessness , riot , disintegration , mutiny , sedition , disorder , rebellion , tumult .
insubordination ,
the essential idea of revolution is a change in the form of government or constitution , or a change of rulers , otherwise than as provided by the laws of succession , election , etc . ; while such change is apt to involve armed hostilities ,
these make no necessary part of the revolution .
the revolution by which dom pedro was dethroned , and brazil changed from an empire to a republic , was accomplished without a battle , and almost without a shot .
anarchy refers to the condition of a state when human government is superseded or destroyed by factions or other causes .
lawlessness is a temper of mind or condition of the community which may result in anarchy .
confusion , disorder , riot , and tumult are incidental and temporary outbreaks of lawlessness , but may not be anarchy .
insubordination is individual disobedience .
sedition is the plotting , rebellion the fighting , against the existing government , but always with the purpose of establishing some other government in its place .
when rebellion is successful it is called revolution ; but there may be revolution without rebellion ; as , the english revolution of 1688 .
a revolt is an uprising against existing authority without the comprehensive views of change in the form or administration of government that are involved in revolution .
anarchy , when more than temporary disorder , is a proposed disintegration of society , in which it is imagined that social order might exist without government .
slaves make insurrection ; soldiers or sailors break out in mutiny ; subject provinces rise in revolt .
compare socialism .
antonyms :
authority , domination , government , obedience , sovereignty , command , dominion , law , order , submission , control , empire , loyalty , rule , supremacy .
* * * * *
revolve .
synonyms :
roll , rotate , turn .
any round body rolls which continuously touches with successive portions of its surface successive portions of another surface ; a wagon - wheel rolls along the ground .
to rotate is said of a body that has a circular motion about its own center or axis ; to revolve is said of a body that moves in a curving path , as a circle or an ellipse , about a center outside of itself ,
so as to return periodically to the same relative position that it held at some previous time .
a revolving body may also either rotate or roll at the same time ; the earth revolves around the sun , and rotates on its own axis ; in popular usage , the earth is often said to revolve about its own axis , or to have
a daily " revolution , " but rotate and " rotation " are the more accurate terms .
a cylinder over which an endless belt is drawn is said to roll as regards the belt , tho it rotates as regards its own axis .
any object that is in contact with or connected with a rolling body is often said to roll ; as , the car rolls smoothly along the track .
objects whose motion approximates or suggests a rotary motion along a supporting surface are also said to roll ; as , ocean waves roll in upon the shore , or the ship rolls in the trough of the sea .
turn is a conversational and popular word often used vaguely for rotate or revolve , or for any motion about a fixed point , especially for a motion less than a complete " rotation " or " revolution ; " a man turns his head or turns
on his heel ; the gate turns on its hinges .
antonyms :
bind , chafe , grind , slide , slip , stand , stick .
* * * * *
riddle , n .
synonyms :
conundrum , enigma , paradox , problem , puzzle .
conundrum , a word of unknown origin , signifies some question or statement in which some hidden and fanciful resemblance is involved , the answer often depending upon a pun ; an enigma is a dark saying ; a paradox is a true statement that at first
appears absurd or contradictory ; a problem is something thrown out for solution ; puzzle ( from oppose ) referred originally to the intricate arguments by which disputants opposed each other in the old philosophic schools .
the riddle is an ambiguous or paradoxical statement with a hidden meaning to be guessed by the mental acuteness of the one to whom it is proposed ; the riddle is not so petty as the conundrum , and may require much acuteness for its answer ;
a problem may require simply study and scholarship , as a problem in mathematics ; a puzzle may be in something other than verbal statement , as a dissected map or any perplexing mechanical contrivance .
both enigma and puzzle may be applied to any matter difficult of answer or solution , enigma conveying an idea of greater dignity , puzzle applying to something more commonplace and mechanical ; there are many dark enigmas in human life and in the course of providence
; the location of a missing object is often a puzzle .
antonyms :
answer , axiom , explanation , proposition , solution .
* * * * *
right , n .
synonyms :
claim , franchise , liberty , prerogative , exemption , immunity , license , privilege .
a right is that which one may properly demand upon considerations of justice , morality , equity , or of natural or positive law .
a right may be either general or special , natural or artificial .
" life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness " are the natural and inalienable rights of all men ; rights of property , inheritance , etc . , are individual and special , and often artificial , as the right of inheritance by primogeniture .
a privilege is always special , exceptional , and artificial ; it is something not enjoyed by all , or only to be enjoyed on certain special conditions , a peculiar benefit , favor , advantage , etc .
a privilege may be of doing or avoiding ; in the latter case it is an exemption or immunity ; as , a privilege of hunting or fishing ; exemption from military service ; immunity from arrest .
a franchise is a specific right or privilege granted by the government or established as such by governmental authority ; as , the elective franchise ; a railroad franchise .
a prerogative is an official right or privilege , especially one inherent in the royal or sovereign power ; in a wider sense it is an exclusive and peculiar privilege which one possesses by reason of being what he is ; as , reason is the prerogative
of man ; kings and nobles have often claimed prerogatives and privileges opposed to the inherent rights of the people .
compare duty ; justice .
* * * * *
rise .
synonyms :
arise , ascend , emanate , flow , issue , proceed , spring .
to rise is to move up or upward whether slowly or quickly , whether through the least or greatest distance ; the waves rise ; the mists rise ; the river rises after heavy rains ; as said of persons , to rise is to come to
an erect position after kneeling , sitting , reclining , or lying down ; as , to rise from a sick - bed ; my friend rose as i entered ; the guests rose to depart ; so a deliberative assembly or a committee is said to
rise when it breaks up a session ; a sun or star rises when to our apprehension it comes above the horizon and begins to go up the sky .
to ascend is to go far upward , and is often used in a stately sense ; as , christ ascended to heaven .
the shorter form rise is now generally preferred to the longer form arise , except in poetic or elevated style .
the sun rises or arises ; the river springs at a bound from the foot of the glacier and flows through the lands to the ocean .
smoke issues from a chimney and ascends toward the sky .
light and heat emanate from the sun .
antonyms :
decline , descend , drop , fall , go down , set , settle , sink .
prepositions :
rise from slumber ; rise to duty ; rise at the summons ; we rose with the lark .
* * * * *
robber .
synonyms :
bandit , depredator , freebooter , pirate , brigand , despoiler , highwayman , plunderer , buccaneer , footpad , marauder , raider , burglar , forager , pillager , thief .
a robber seeks to obtain the property of others by force or intimidation ; a thief by stealth and secrecy .
in early english thief was freely used in both senses , as in shakespeare and the authorized version of the english bible , which has " two thieves " ( matt .
xxvii , 38 ) , where the revised version more correctly substitutes " two robbers . "
* * * * *
royal .
synonyms :
august , kingly , majestic , princely , kinglike , magnificent , munificent , regal .
royal denotes that which actually belongs or pertains to a monarch ; the royal residence is that which the king occupies , royal raiment that which the king wears .
regal denotes that which in outward state is appropriate for a king ; a subject may assume regal magnificence in residence , dress , and equipage .
kingly denotes that which is worthy of a king in personal qualities , especially of character and conduct ; as , a kingly bearing ; a kingly resolve .
princely is especially used of treasure , expenditure , gifts , etc . , as princely munificence , a princely fortune , where regal could not so well be used and royal would change the sense .
the distinctions between these words are not absolute , but the tendency of the best usage is as here suggested .
antonyms :
beggarly , contemptible , mean , poor , servile , slavish , vile .
* * * * *
rustic .
synonyms :
agricultural , coarse , pastoral , uncouth , artless , countrified , plain , unpolished , awkward , country , rude , unsophisticated , boorish , hoidenish , rural , untaught , bucolic , inelegant , sylvan , verdant .
clownish , outlandish ,
rural and rustic are alike derived from the latin rus , country , and may be alike defined as pertaining to , characteristic of , or dwelling in the country ; but in usage rural refers especially to scenes or objects in the country , considered as
the work of nature ; rustic refers to their effect upon man or to their condition as affected by human agency ; as , a rural scene ; a rustic party ; a rustic lass .
we speak , however , of the rural population , rural simplicity , etc .
rural has always a favorable sense ; rustic frequently an unfavorable one , as denoting a lack of culture and refinement ; thus , rustic politeness expresses that which is well - meant , but awkward ; similar ideas are suggested by a rustic feast , rustic
garb , etc .
rustic is , however , often used of a studied simplicity , an artistic rudeness , which is pleasing and perhaps beautiful ; as , a rustic cottage ; a rustic chair .
pastoral refers to the care of flocks , and to the shepherd's life with the pleasing associations suggested by the old poetic ideal of that life ; as , pastoral poetry .
bucolic is kindred to pastoral , but is a less elevated term , and sometimes slightly contemptuous .
antonyms :
accomplished , cultured , polished , refined , urbane , city - like , elegant , polite , urban , well - bred .
* * * * *
sacrament .
synonyms :
ceremony , eucharist , observance , rite , solemnity .
communion , lord's supper , ordinance , service ,
any religious act , especially a public act , viewed as a means of serving god is called a service ; the word commonly includes the entire series of exercises of a single occasion of public worship .
a religious service ordained as an outward and visible sign of an inward and spiritual grace is called a sacrament .
ceremony is a form expressing reverence , or at least respect ; we may speak of religious ceremonies , the ceremonies of polite society , the ceremonies of a coronation , an inauguration , etc .
an observance has more than a formal obligation , reaching or approaching a religious sacredness ; a stated religious observance , viewed as established by authority , is called an ordinance ; viewed as an established custom , it is a rite .
the terms sacrament and ordinance , in the religious sense , are often used interchangeably ; the ordinance derives its sacredness from the authority that ordained it , while the sacrament possesses a sacredness due to something in itself , even when viewed simply as a representation
or memorial .
the lord's supper is the scriptural name for the observance commemorating the death of christ ; the word communion is once applied to it ( 1 cor .
x , 16 ) , but not as a distinctive name ; at an early period , however , the name communion was so applied , as denoting the communing of christians with their lord , or with one another .
the term eucharist describes the lord's supper as a thanksgiving service ; it is also called by preeminence the sacrament , as the ratifying of a solemn vow of consecration to christ .
* * * * *
sagacious .
synonyms :
able , intelligent , perspicacious , sensible , acute , keen , quick of scent , sharp , apt , keen - sighted , quick - scented , sharp - witted , clear - sighted , keen - witted , rational , shrewd , discerning , judicious
, sage , wise .
sagacious refers to a power of tracing the hidden or recondite by slight indications , as by instinct or intuition ; it is not now applied to mere keenness of sense - perception .
we do not call a hound sagacious in following a clear trail ; but if he loses the scent , as at the edge of a stream , and circles around till he strikes it again , his conduct is said to be sagacious .
in human affairs sagacious refers to a power of ready , far - reaching , and accurate inference from observed facts perhaps in themselves very slight , that seems like a special sense ; or to a similar readiness to foresee the results of any action ,
especially upon human motives or conduct - - a kind of prophetic common sense .
sagacious is a broader and nobler word than shrewd , and not capable of the invidious sense which the latter word often bears ; on the other hand , sagacious is less lofty and comprehensive than wise in its full sense , and more limited to matters
of direct practical moment .
compare astute ; wisdom .
antonyms :
absurd , futile , obtuse , silly , sottish , undiscerning , dull , ignorant , senseless , simple , stupid , unintelligent .
foolish , irrational ,
* * * * *
sale .
synonyms :
bargain , barter , change , deal , exchange , trade .
a bargain is strictly an agreement or contract to buy and sell , tho the word is often used to denote the entire transaction and also as a designation for the thing sold or purchased .
change and exchange are words of wider signification , applying only incidentally to the transfer of property or value ; a change secures something different in any way or by any means ; an exchange secures something as an equivalent or return , tho not necessarily as
payment for what is given .
barter is the exchange of one commodity for another , the word being used generally with reference to portable commodities .
trade in the broad sense may apply to vast businesses ( as the book - trade ) , but as denoting a single transaction is used chiefly in regard to things of moderate value , when it becomes nearly synonymous with barter .
sale is commonly , and with increasing strictness , limited to the transfer of property for money , or for something estimated at a money value or considered as equivalent to so much money in hand or to be paid .
a deal in the political sense is a bargain , substitution , or transfer for the benefit of certain persons or parties against all others ; as , the nomination was the result of a deal ; in business it may have a similar meaning , but
it frequently signifies simply a sale or exchange , a dealing ; as , a heavy deal in stocks .
* * * * *
sample .
synonyms :
case , exemplification , instance , example , illustration , specimen .
a sample is a portion taken at random out of a quantity supposed to be homogeneous , so that the qualities found in the sample may reasonably be expected to be found in the whole ; as , a sample of sugar ; a sample of cloth
.
a specimen is one unit of a series , or a fragment of a mass , all of which is supposed to possess the same essential qualities ; as , a specimen of coinage , or of architecture , or a specimen of quartz .
no other unit or portion may be exactly like the specimen , while all the rest is supposed to be exactly like the sample .
an instance is a sample or specimen of action .
compare example .
antonyms :
abnormality , aggregate , exception , monstrosity , total , whole .
* * * * *
satisfy .
synonyms :
cloy , fill , sate , suffice , content , glut , satiate , surfeit .
to satisfy is to furnish just enough to meet physical , mental , or spiritual desire .
to sate or satiate is to gratify desire so fully as for a time to extinguish it .
to cloy or surfeit is to gratify to the point of revulsion or disgust .
glut is a strong but somewhat coarse word applied to the utmost satisfaction of vehement appetites and passions ; as , to glut a vengeful spirit with slaughter ; we speak of glutting the market with a supply so excessive as to extinguish the demand .
much less than is needed to satisfy may suffice a frugal or abstemious person ; less than a sufficiency may content one of a patient and submissive spirit .
compare pay ; requite .
antonyms :
check , disappoint , restrain , starve , straiten , deny , refuse , restrict , stint , tantalize .
prepositions :
satisfy with food , with gifts , etc . ; satisfy one ( in the sense of make satisfaction ) for labors and sacrifices ; satisfy oneself by or upon inquiry .
* * * * *
scholar .
synonyms :
disciple , learner , pupil , savant , student .
the primary sense of a scholar is one who is being schooled ; thence the word passes to denote one who is apt in school work , and finally one who is thoroughly schooled , master of what the schools can teach , an erudite , accomplished
person : when used without qualification , the word is generally understood in this latter sense ; as , he is manifestly a scholar .
pupil signifies one under the close personal supervision or instruction of a teacher or tutor .
those under instruction in schools below the academic grade are technically and officially termed pupils .
the word pupil is uniformly so used in the reports of the commissioner of education of the united states , but popular american usage prefers scholar in the original sense ; as , teachers and scholars enjoyed a holiday .
those under instruction in sunday - schools are uniformly designated as sunday - school scholars .
student is applied to those in the higher grades or courses of study , as the academic , collegiate , scientific , etc .
student suggests less proficiency than scholar in the highest sense , the student being one who is learning , the scholar one who has learned .
on the other hand , student suggests less of personal supervision than pupil ; thus , the college student often becomes the private pupil of some instructor in special studies .
for disciple , etc . , compare synonyms for adherent .
antonyms :
dunce , fool , idiot , idler , ignoramus , illiterate person .
* * * * *
science .
synonyms :
art , knowledge .
knowledge of a single fact , not known as related to any other , or of many facts not known as having any mutual relations or as comprehended under any general law , does not reach the meaning of science ; science is knowledge reduced to law
and embodied in system .
the knowledge of various countries gathered by an observant traveler may be a heterogeneous medley of facts , which gain real value only when coordinated and arranged by the man of science .
art always relates to something to be done , science to something to be known .
not only must art be discriminated from science , but art in the industrial or mechanical sense must be distinguished from art in the esthetic sense ; the former aims chiefly at utility , the latter at beauty .
the mechanic arts are the province of the artisan , the esthetic or fine arts are the province of the artist ; all the industrial arts , as of weaving or printing , arithmetic or navigation , are governed by exact rules .
art in the highest esthetic sense , while it makes use of rules , transcends all rule ; no rules can be given for the production of a painting like raffael's " transfiguration , " a statue like the apollo belvedere , or a poem like the
iliad .
science does not , like the mechanic arts , make production its direct aim , yet its possible productive application in the arts is a constant stimulus to scientific investigation ; the science , as in the case of chemistry or electricity , is urged on to
higher development by the demands of the art , while the art is perfected by the advance of the science .
creative art seeking beauty for its own sake is closely akin to pure science seeking knowledge for its own sake .
compare knowledge ; literature .
* * * * *
security .
synonyms :
bail , earnest , gage , pledge , surety .
the first four words agree in denoting something given or deposited as an assurance of something to be given , paid , or done .
an earnest is of the same kind as that to be given , a portion of it delivered in advance , as when part of the purchase - money is paid , according to the common expression , " to bind the bargain . " a pledge
or security may be wholly different in kind from that to be given or paid , and may greatly exceed it in value .
security may be of real or personal property - - anything of sufficient value to make the creditor secure ; a pledge is always of personal property or chattels .
every pawnshop contains unredeemed pledges ; land , merchandise , bonds , etc . , are frequently offered and accepted as security .
a person may become security or surety for another's payment of a debt , appearance in court , etc . ; in the latter case , he is said to become bail for that person ; the person accused gives bail for himself .
gage survives only as a literary word , chiefly in certain phrases ; as , " the gage of battle . "
prepositions :
security for the payment of a debt ; security to the state , for the prisoner , in the sum of a thousand dollars .
* * * * *
self - abnegation .
synonyms :
self - control , self - devotion , self - renunciation , self - denial , self - immolation , self - sacrifice .
self - control is holding oneself within due limits in pleasures and duties , as in all things else ; self - denial , the giving up of pleasures for the sake of duty .
self - renunciation surrenders conscious rights and claims ; self - abnegation forgets that there is anything to surrender .
there have been devotees who practised very little self - denial with very much self - renunciation .
a mother will care for a sick child with complete self - abnegation , but without a thought of self - denial .
self - devotion is heart - consecration of self to a person or cause with readiness for any needed sacrifice .
self - sacrifice is the strongest and completest term of all , and contemplates the gift of self as actually made .
we speak of the self - sacrifice of christ , where any other of the above terms would be feeble or inappropriate .
antonyms :
self - gratification , selfishness , self - seeking , self - will .
self - indulgence ,
* * * * *
send .
synonyms :
cast , despatch , emit , impel , propel , dart , discharge , fling , lance , sling , delegate , dismiss , forward , launch , throw , depute , drive , hurl , project , transmit .
to send is to cause to go or pass from one place to another , and always in fact or thought away from the agent or agency that controls the act .
send in its most common use involves personal agency without personal presence ; according to the adage , " if you want your business done , go ; if not , send ; " one sends a letter or a bullet , a messenger or a message
.
in all the derived uses this same idea controls ; if one sends a ball into his own heart , the action is away from the directing hand , and he is viewed as the passive recipient of his own act ; it is with an approach
to personification that we speak of the bow sending the arrow , or the gun the shot .
to despatch is to send hastily or very promptly , ordinarily with a destination in view ; to dismiss is to send away from oneself without reference to a destination ; as , to dismiss a clerk , an application , or an annoying subject .
to discharge is to send away so as to relieve a person or thing of a load ; we discharge a gun or discharge the contents ; as applied to persons , discharge is a harsher term than dismiss .
to emit is to send forth from within , with no reference to a destination ; as , the sun emits light and heat .
transmit , from the latin , is a dignified term , often less vigorous than the saxon send , but preferable at times in literary or scientific use ; as , to transmit the crown , or the feud , from generation to generation ; to transmit
a charge of electricity .
transmit fixes the attention more on the intervening agency , as send does upon the points of departure and destination .
antonyms :
bring , convey , give , hold , receive , carry , get , hand , keep , retain .
prepositions :
to send from the hand to or toward ( rarely at ) a mark ; send to a friend by a messenger or by mail ; send a person into banishment ; send a shell among the enemy .
* * * * *
sensation .
synonyms :
emotion , feeling , perception , sense .
sensation is the mind's consciousness due to a bodily affection , as of heat or cold ; perception is the cognition of some external object which is the cause or occasion of the sensation ; the sensation of heat may be connected with the perception of a
fire .
while sensations are connected with the body , emotions , as joy , grief , etc . , are wholly of the mind .
" as the most of them [ the sensations ] are positively agreeable or the opposite , they are nearly akin to those emotions , as hope or terror , or those passions , as anger and envy , which are acknowledged by all to belong exclusively
to the spirit , and to involve no relation whatever to matter or the bodily organism .
such feelings are not infrequently styled sensations , though improperly . " porter human intellect sec .
112 , p .
128 .
[ s .
' 90 . ] feeling is a general term popularly denoting what is felt , whether through the body or by the mind alone , and includes both sensation and emotion .
a sense is an organ or faculty of sensation or of perception .
* * * * *
sensibility .
synonyms :
feeling , impressibility , sensitiveness , susceptibility .
sensibility in the philosophical sense , denotes the capacity of emotion or feeling , as distinguished from the intellect and the will .
( compare synonyms for sensation . ) in popular use sensibility denotes sometimes capacity of feeling of any kind ; as , sensibility to heat or cold ; sometimes , a peculiar readiness to be the subject of feeling , especially of the higher feelings ; as
, the sensibility of the artist or the poet ; a person of great or fine sensibility .
sensitiveness denotes an especial delicacy of sensibility , ready to be excited by the slightest cause , as displayed , for instance , in the " sensitive - plant . " susceptibility is rather a capacity to take up , receive , and , as it were
, to contain feeling , so that a person of great susceptibility is capable of being not only readily but deeply moved ; sensitiveness is more superficial , susceptibility more pervading .
thus , in physics , the sensitiveness of a magnetic needle is the ease with which it may be deflected , as by another magnet ; its susceptibility is the degree to which it can be magnetized by a given magnetic force or the amount of magnetism
it will hold .
so a person of great sensitiveness is quickly and keenly affected by any external influence , as by music , pathos , or ridicule , while a person of great susceptibility is not only touched , but moved to his inmost soul .
antonyms :
coldness , hardness , insensibility , numbness , unconsciousness .
deadness ,
prepositions :
the sensibility of the organism to atmospheric changes .
* * * * *
severe .
synonyms :
austere , inflexible , rigorous , uncompromising , hard , morose , stern , unmitigated , harsh , relentless , stiff , unrelenting , inexorable , rigid , strict , unyielding .
that is severe which is devoid of all softness , mildness , tenderness , indulgence or levity , or ( in literature and art ) devoid of unnecessary ornament , amplification , or embellishment of any kind ; as , a severe style ; as said of
anything painful , severe signifies such as heavily taxes endurance or resisting power ; as , a severe pain , fever , or winter .
rigid signifies primarily stiff , resisting any effort to change its shape ; a corpse is said to be rigid in death ; hence , in metaphorical sense , a rigid person or character is one that resists all efforts to change the will or course of
conduct ; a rigid rule or statement is one that admits of no deviation .
rigorous is nearly akin to rigid , but is a stronger word , having reference to action or active qualities , as rigid does to state or character ; a rigid rule may be rigorously enforced .
strict ( l .
stringo , bind ) signifies bound or stretched tight , tense , strenuously exact .
stern unites harshness and authority with strictness or severity ; stern , as said even of inanimate objects , suggests something authoritative or forbidding .
austere signifies severely simple or temperate , strict in self - restraint or discipline , and similarly unrelenting toward others .
we speak of austere morality , rigid rules , rigorous discipline , stern commands , severe punishment , harsh speech or a harsh voice , hard requirements , strict injunctions , and strict obedience .
strict discipline holds one exactly and unflinchingly to the rule ; rigorous discipline punishes severely any infraction of it .
the austere character is seldom lovely , but it is always strong and may be grand , commanding , and estimable .
antonyms :
affable , easy , gentle , lenient , pliable , sweet , tractable , bland , genial , indulgent , mild , soft , tender , yielding .
* * * * *
shake .
synonyms :
agitate , jar , quake , shiver , totter , brandish , joggle , quaver , shudder , tremble , flap , jolt , quiver , sway , vibrate , fluctuate , jounce , reel , swing , wave , flutter , oscillate , rock , thrill
, waver .
a thing is shaken which is subjected to short and abruptly checked movements , as forward and backward , up and down , from side to side , etc .
a tree is " shaken with a mighty wind ; " a man slowly shakes his head .
a thing rocks that is sustained from below ; it swings if suspended from above , as a pendulum , or pivoted at the side , as a crane or a bridge - draw ; to oscillate is to swing with a smooth and regular returning motion
; a vibrating motion may be tremulous or jarring .
the pendulum of a clock may be said to swing , vibrate , or oscillate ; a steel bridge vibrates under the passage of a heavy train ; the term vibrate is also applied to molecular movements .
jolting is a lifting from and letting down suddenly upon an unyielding surface ; as , a carriage jolts over a rough road .
a jarring motion is abruptly and very rapidly repeated through an exceedingly limited space ; the jolting of the carriage jars the windows .
rattling refers directly to the sound produced by shaking .
to joggle is to shake slightly ; as , a passing touch joggles the desk on which one is writing .
a thing trembles that shakes perceptibly and with an appearance of uncertainty and instability , as a person under the influence of fear ; a thing shivers when all its particles are stirred with a slight but pervading tremulous motion , as a human body under the
influence of cold ; shuddering is a more pronounced movement of a similar kind , in human beings often the effect of emotional or moral recoil ; hence , the word is applied by extension to such feelings even when they have no such outward manifestation ;
as , one says , " i shudder at the thought . " to quiver is to have slight and often spasmodic contractile motions , as the flesh under the surgeon's knife .
thrill is applied to a pervasive movement felt rather than seen ; as , the nerves thrill with delight ; quiver is similarly used , but suggests somewhat more of outward manifestation .
to agitate in its literal use is nearly the same as to shake , tho we speak of the sea as agitated when we could not say it is shaken ; the latin agitate is preferred in scientific or technical use to the saxon shake , and
especially as applied to the action of mechanical contrivances ; in the metaphorical use agitate is more transitory and superficial , shake more fundamental and enduring ; a person's feelings are agitated by distressing news ; his courage , his faith , his credit , or his
testimony is shaken .
sway applies to the movement of a body suspended from above or not firmly sustained from below , and the motion of which is less pronounced than swinging , smoother than vibrating , and not necessarily constant as oscillating ; as , the swaying of a reed
in the wind .
sway used transitively especially applies to motions of grace or dignity ; brandish denotes a threatening or hostile motion ; a monarch sways the scepter ; the ruffian brandishes a club .
to reel or totter always implies liability to fall ; reeling is more violent than swaying , tottering more irregular ; a drunken man reels ; we speak of the tottering step of age or infancy .
an extended mass which seems to lack solidity or cohesion is said to quake ; as , a quaking bog .
quaver is applied almost exclusively to tremulous sounds of the human voice .
flap , flutter , and fluctuate refer to wave - like movements , flap generally to such as produce a sharp sound ; a cock flaps his wings ; flutter applies to a less pronounced and more irregular motion ; a captive bird or a feeble pulse
flutters .
compare fluctuate .
* * * * *
shelter .
synonyms :
cover , guard , protect , shield , defend , harbor , screen , ward .
anything is covered over which something is completely extended ; a vessel is covered with a lid ; the head is covered with a hat .
that which covers may also defend or protect ; thus , troops interposed between some portion of their own army and the enemy are often called a covering party .
to shelter is to cover so as to protect from injury or annoyance ; as , the roof shelters from the storm ; woods shelter from the heat .
to defend ( l .
defendere , to strike away ) implies the actual , protect ( l .
protegere , to cover before ) implies the possible use of force or resisting power ; guard implies sustained vigilance with readiness for conflict ; we defend a person or thing against actual attack ; we guard or protect against possible assault or injury .
a powerful person may protect one who is weak by simply declaring himself his friend ; he defends him by some form of active championship .
an inanimate object may protect , as a garment from cold ; defend is used but rarely , and by somewhat violent metaphor , in such connection .
protect is more complete than guard or defend ; an object may be faithfully guarded or bravely defended in vain , but that which is protected is secure .
to shield is to interpose something over or before that which is assailed , so as to save from harm , and has a comparatively passive sense ; one may guard another by standing armed at his side , defend him by fighting for him , or
shield him from a missile or a blow by interposing his own person .
harbor is generally used in an unfavorable sense ; confederates or sympathizers harbor a criminal ; a person harbors evil thoughts or designs .
see cherish .
compare synonyms for hide ; defense .
antonyms :
betray , expel , expose , give up , refuse , reject , surrender .
cast out ,
prepositions :
shelter under a roof from the storm ; in the fortress , behind or within the walls , from attack .
* * * * *
sign .
synonyms :
emblem , mark , presage , symbol , token , indication , note , prognostic , symptom , type .
manifestation , omen , signal ,
a sign ( l .
signum ) is any distinctive mark by which a thing may be recognized or its presence known , and may be intentional or accidental , natural or artificial , suggestive , descriptive , or wholly arbitrary ; thus , a blush may be a sign of shame
; the footprint of an animal is a sign that it has passed ; the sign of a business house now usually declares what is done or kept within , but formerly might be an object having no connection with the business , as " the sign
of the trout ; " the letters of the alphabet are signs of certain sounds .
while a sign may be involuntary , and even unconscious , a signal is always voluntary , and is usually concerted ; a ship may show signs of distress to the casual observer , but signals of distress are a distinct appeal for aid .
a symptom is a vital phenomenon resulting from a diseased condition ; in medical language a sign is an indication of any physical condition , whether morbid or healthy ; thus , a hot skin and rapid pulse are symptoms of pneumonia ; dulness of some portion
of the lungs under percussion is one of the physical signs .
compare augur ; characteristic ; emblem .
* * * * *
sin .
synonyms :
crime , fault , misdeed , vice , criminality , guilt , offense , viciousness , delinquency , ill - doing , transgression , wickedness , depravity , immorality , ungodliness , wrong , evil , iniquity , unrighteousness , wrong - doing .
sin is any lack of holiness , any defect of moral purity and truth , whether in heart or life , whether of commission or omission .
" all unrighteousness is sin , " 1 john v , 17 .
transgression , as its etymology indicates , is the stepping over a specific enactment , whether of god or man , ordinarily by overt act , but in the broadest sense , in volition or desire .
sin may be either act or state ; transgression is always an act , mental or physical .
crime is often used for a flagrant violation of right , but in the technical sense denotes specific violation of human law .
guilt is desert of and exposure to punishment because of sin .
depravity denotes not any action , but a perverted moral condition from which any act of sin may proceed .
sin in the generic sense , as denoting a state of heart , is synonymous with depravity ; in the specific sense , as in the expression a sin , the term may be synonymous with transgression , crime , offense , misdeed , etc . ,
or may denote some moral activity that could not be characterized by terms so positive .
immorality denotes outward violation of the moral law .
sin is thus the broadest word , and immorality next in scope ; all crimes , properly so called , and all immoralities , are sins ; but there may be sin , as ingratitude , which is neither crime , transgression , nor immorality ; and
there may be immorality which is not crime , as falsehood .
compare criminal .
antonyms :
blamelessness , goodness , integrity , rectitude , sinlessness , excellence , holiness , morality , right , uprightness , godliness , innocence , purity , righteousness , virtue .
compare synonyms for virtue .
* * * * *
sing .
synonyms :
carol , chant , chirp , chirrup , hum , warble .
to sing is primarily and ordinarily to utter a succession of articulate musical sounds with the human voice .
the word has come to include any succession of musical sounds ; we say the bird or the rivulet sings ; we speak of " the singing quality " of an instrument , and by still wider extension of meaning we say the teakettle or the cricket
sings .
to chant is to sing in solemn and somewhat uniform cadence ; chant is ordinarily applied to non - metrical religious compositions .
to carol is to sing joyously , and to warble ( kindred with whirl ) is to sing with trills or quavers , usually also with the idea of joy .
carol and warble are especially applied to the singing of birds .
to chirp is to utter a brief musical sound , perhaps often repeated in the same key , as by certain small birds , insects , etc .
to chirrup is to utter a somewhat similar sound ; the word is often used of a brief , sharp sound uttered as a signal to animate or rouse a horse or other animal .
to hum is to utter murmuring sounds with somewhat monotonous musical cadence , usually with closed lips ; we speak also of the hum of machinery , etc .
* * * * *
skeptic .
synonyms :
agnostic , deist , doubter , infidel , unbeliever .
atheist , disbeliever , freethinker ,
the skeptic doubts divine revelation ; the disbeliever and the unbeliever reject it , the disbeliever with more of intellectual dissent , the unbeliever ( in the common acceptation ) with indifference or with opposition of heart as well as of intellect .
infidel is an opprobrious term that might once almost have been said to be geographical in its range .
the crusaders called all mohammedans infidels , and were so called by them in return ; the word is commonly applied to any decided opponent of an accepted religion .
the atheist denies that there is a god ; the deist admits the existence of god , but denies that the christian scriptures are a revelation from him ; the agnostic denies either that we do know or that we can know whether there is a god
.
antonyms :
believer , christian .
* * * * *
sketch .
synonyms :
brief , draft , outline , plan , design , drawing , picture , skeleton .
a sketch is a rough , suggestive presentation of anything , whether graphic or literary , commonly intended to be preliminary to a more complete or extended treatment .
an outline gives only the bounding or determining lines of a figure or a scene ; a sketch may give not only lines , but shading and color , but is hasty and incomplete .
the lines of a sketch are seldom so full and continuous as those of an outline , being , like the shading or color , little more than indications or suggestions according to which a finished picture may be made ; the artist's first representation of a
sunset , the hues of which change so rapidly , must of necessity be a sketch .
draft and plan apply especially to mechanical drawing , of which outline , sketch , and drawing are also used ; a plan is strictly a view from above , as of a building or machine , giving the lines of a horizontal section , originally at
the level of the ground , now in a wider sense at any height ; as , a plan of the cellar ; a plan of the attic .
a mechanical drawing is always understood to be in full detail ; a draft is an incomplete or unfinished drawing ; a design is such a preliminary sketch as indicates the object to be accomplished or the result to be attained , and is understood to be
original .
one may make a drawing of any well - known mechanism , or a drawing from another man's design ; but if he says , " the design is mine , " he claims it as his own invention or composition .
in written composition an outline gives simply the main divisions , and in the case of a sermon is often called a skeleton ; a somewhat fuller suggestion of illustration , treatment , and style is given in a sketch .
a lawyer's brief is a succinct statement of the main facts involved in a case , and of the main heads of his argument on points of law , with reference to authorities cited ; the brief has none of the vagueness of a sketch , being
sufficiently exact and complete to form , on occasion , the basis for the decision of the court without oral argument , when the case is said to be " submitted on brief . " compare design .
* * * * *
skilful .
synonyms :
accomplished , apt , dexterous , happy , proficient , adept , clever , expert , ingenious , skilled , adroit , deft , handy , practised , trained .
skilful signifies possessing and using readily practical knowledge and ability , having alert and well - trained faculties with reference to a given work .
one is adept in that for which he has a natural gift improved by practise ; he is expert in that of which training , experience , and study have given him a thorough mastery ; he is dexterous in that which he can do effectively ,
with or without training , especially in work of the hand or bodily activities .
in the case of the noun , " an expert " denotes one who is " experienced " in the fullest sense , a master of his branch of knowledge .
a skilled workman is one who has thoroughly learned his trade , though he may be naturally quite dull ; a skilful workman has some natural brightness , ability , and power of adaptation , in addition to his acquired knowledge and dexterity .
compare clever ; dexterity ; power .
antonyms :
awkward , clumsy , inexpert , shiftless , unskilled , untrained .
bungling , helpless , maladroit , unhandy , untaught ,
prepositions :
skilful at or in a work , with a pen or tool of any kind .
* * * * *
slander .
synonyms :
asperse , decry , disparage , revile , backbite , defame , libel , traduce , calumniate , depreciate , malign , vilify .
to slander a person is to utter a false and injurious report concerning him ; to defame is specifically and directly to attack one's reputation ; to defame by spoken words is to slander , by written words , to libel .
to asperse is , as it were , to bespatter with injurious charges ; to malign is to circulate studied and malicious attacks upon character ; to traduce is to exhibit one's real or assumed traits in an odious light ; to revile or vilify is to
attack with vile abuse .
to disparage is to represent one's admitted good traits or acts as less praiseworthy than they would naturally be thought to be , as for instance , by ascribing a man's benevolence to a desire for popularity or display .
to libel or slander is to make an assault upon character and repute that comes within the scope of law ; the slander is uttered , the libel written , printed , or pictured .
to backbite is to speak something secretly to one's injury ; to calumniate is to invent as well as utter the injurious charge .
one may " abuse , " " assail , " or vilify another to his face ; he asperses , calumniates , slanders , or traduces him behind his back .
antonyms :
defend , eulogize , extol , laud , praise , vindicate .
* * * * *
slang .
synonyms :
cant , colloquialism , vulgarism , vulgarity .
a colloquialism is an expression not coarse or low , and perhaps not incorrect , but below the literary grade ; educated persons are apt to allow themselves some colloquialisms in familiar conversation , which they would avoid in writing or public speaking .
slang , in the primary sense , denotes expressions that are either coarse and rude in themselves or chiefly current among the coarser and ruder part of the community ; there are also many expressions current in special senses in certain communities that may be characterized as
slang ; as , college slang ; club slang ; racing slang .
in the evolution of language many words originally slang are adopted by good writers and speakers , and ultimately take their place as accepted english .
a vulgarism is an expression decidedly incorrect , and the use of which is a mark of ignorance or low breeding .
cant , as used in this connection , denotes the barbarous jargon used as a secret language by thieves , tramps , etc .
compare diction ; language .
* * * * *
slow .
synonyms :
dawdling , dilatory , gradual , lingering , slack , delaying , drowsy , inactive , moderate , sluggish , deliberate , dull , inert , procrastinating , tardy .
slow signifies moving through a relatively short distance , or with a relatively small number of motions in a given time ; slow also applies to that which is a relatively long while in beginning or accomplishing something ; a watch or a clock is said to
be slow when its indications are behind those of the standard time .
tardy is applied to that which is behind the proper or desired time , especially in doing a work or arriving at a place .
deliberate and dilatory are used of persons , tho the latter may be used also of things , as of a stream ; a person is deliberate who takes a noticeably long time to consider and decide before acting or who acts or speaks as if he
were deliberating at every point ; a person is dilatory who lays aside , or puts off as long as possible , necessary or required action ; both words may be applied either to undertaking or to doing .
gradual ( l .
gradus , a step ) signifies advancing by steps , and refers to slow but regular and sure progression .
slack refers to action that seems to indicate a lack of tension , as of muscle or of will , sluggish to action that seems as if reluctant to advance .
antonyms :
see synonyms for nimble .
* * * * *
sneer .
synonyms :
fling , gibe , jeer , mock , scoff , taunt .
a sneer may be simply a contemptuous facial contortion , or it may be some brief satirical utterance that throws a contemptuous side - light on what it attacks without attempting to prove or disprove ; a depreciatory implication may be given in a sneer such as
could only be answered by elaborate argument or proof , which would seem to give the attack undue importance :
who can refute a sneer ?
paley moral philosophy bk .
v , ch .
ix .
a fling is careless and commonly pettish ; a taunt is intentionally insulting and provoking ; the sneer is supercilious ; the taunt is defiant .
the jeer and gibe are uttered ; the gibe is bitter , and often sly or covert ; the jeer is rude and open .
a scoff may be in act or word , and is commonly directed against that which claims honor , reverence , or worship .
compare banter .
preposition :
only an essentially vicious mind is capable of a sneer at virtue .
* * * * *
socialism .
synonyms :
collectivism , communism , fabianism .
socialism , as defined by its advocates , is a theory of civil polity that aims to secure the reconstruction of society , increase of wealth , and a more equal distribution of the products of labor through the public collective ownership of land and capital (
as distinguished from property ) , and the public collective management of all industries .
its aim is extended industrial cooperation ; socialism is a purely economic term , applying to landownership and productive capital .
many socialists call themselves collectivists , and their system collectivism .
communism would divide all things , including the profits of individual labor , among members of the community ; many of its advocates would abolish marriage and the family relation .
anarchism is properly an antonym of socialism , as it would destroy , by violence if necessary , all existing government and social order , leaving the future to determine what , if anything , should be raised upon their ruins .
* * * * *
sound .
synonyms :
noise , note , tone .
sound is the sensation produced through the organs of hearing or the physical cause of this sensation .
sound is the most comprehensive word of this group , applying to anything that is audible .
tone is sound considered as having some musical quality or as expressive of some feeling ; noise is sound considered without reference to musical quality or as distinctly unmusical or discordant .
thus , in the most general sense noise and sound scarcely differ , and we say almost indifferently , " i heard a sound , " or " i heard a noise . " we speak of a fine , musical , or pleasing sound , but
never thus of a noise .
in music , tone may denote either a musical sound or the interval between two such sounds , but in the most careful usage the latter is now distinguished as the " interval , " leaving tone to stand only for the sound .
note in music strictly denotes the character representing a sound , but in loose popular usage it denotes the sound also , and becomes practically equivalent to tone .
aside from its musical use , tone is chiefly applied to that quality of the human voice by which feeling is expressed ; as , he spoke in a cheery tone ; the word is similarly applied to the voices of birds and other animals , and
sometimes to inanimate objects .
as used of a musical instrument , tone denotes the general quality of its sounds collectively considered .
* * * * *
speak .
synonyms :
announce , converse , discourse , say , articulate , declaim , enunciate , talk , chat , declare , express , tell , chatter , deliver , pronounce , utter .
to utter is to give forth as an audible sound , articulate or not .
to talk is to utter a succession of connected words , ordinarily with the expectation of being listened to .
to speak is to give articulate utterance even to a single word ; the officer speaks the word of command , but does not talk it .
to speak is also to utter words with the ordinary intonation , as distinguished from singing .
to chat is ordinarily to utter in a familiar , conversational way ; to chatter is to talk in an empty , ceaseless way like a magpie .
prepositions :
speak to ( address ) a person ; speak with a person ( converse with him ) ; speak of or about a thing ( make it the subject of remark ) ; speak on or upon a subject ; in parliamentary language , speak to the
question .
* * * * *
speech .
synonyms :
address , dissertation , oration , speaking , discourse , harangue , oratory , talk , disquisition , language , sermon , utterance .
speech is the general word for utterance of thought in language .
a speech may be the delivering of one's sentiments in the simplest way ; an oration is an elaborate and prepared speech ; a harangue is a vehement appeal to passion , or a speech that has something disputatious and combative in it .
a discourse is a set speech on a definite subject , intended to convey instruction .
compare conversation ; diction ; language .
antonyms :
hush , silence , speechlessness , stillness , taciturnity .
* * * * *
spontaneous .
synonyms :
automatic , impulsive , involuntary , voluntary , free , instinctive , unbidden , willing .
that is spontaneous which is freely done , with no external compulsion and , in human actions , without special premeditation or distinct determination of the will ; that is voluntary which is freely done with distinct act of will ; that is involuntary which is independent
of the will , and perhaps in opposition to it ; a willing act is not only in accordance with will , but with desire .
thus voluntary and involuntary , which are antonyms of each other , are both partial synonyms of spontaneous .
we speak of spontaneous generation , spontaneous combustion , spontaneous sympathy , an involuntary start , an unbidden tear , voluntary agreement , willing submission .
a babe's smile in answer to that of its mother is spontaneous ; the smile of a pouting child wheedled into good humor is involuntary .
in physiology the action of the heart and lungs is called involuntary ; the growth of the hair and nails is spontaneous ; the action of swallowing is voluntary up to a certain point , beyond which it becomes involuntary or automatic .
in the fullest sense of that which is not only without the will but distinctly in opposition to it , or compulsory , involuntary becomes an antonym , not only of voluntary but of spontaneous ; as , involuntary servitude .
a spontaneous outburst of applause is of necessity an act of volition , but so completely dependent on sympathetic impulse that it would seem frigid to call it voluntary , while to call it involuntary would imply some previous purpose or inclination not to applaud .
* * * * *
spy .
synonyms :
detective , emissary , scout .
the scout and the spy are both employed to obtain information of the numbers , movements , etc . , of an enemy .
the scout lurks on the outskirts of the hostile army with such concealment as the case admits of , but without disguise ; a spy enters in disguise within the enemy's lines .
a scout , if captured , has the rights of a prisoner of war ; a spy is held to have forfeited all rights , and is liable , in case of capture , to capital punishment .
an emissary is rather political than military ; sent rather to secretly influence opponents than to bring information concerning them ; so far as he does the latter , he is not only an emissary , but a spy .
* * * * *
stain .
synonyms :
blot , discolor , dishonor , soil , sully , tinge , color , disgrace , dye , spot , tarnish , tint .
to color is to impart a color desired or undesired , temporary or permanent , or , in the intransitive use , to assume a color in any way ; as , he colored with shame and vexation .
to dye is to impart a color intentionally and with a view to permanence , and especially so as to pervade the substance or fiber of that to which it is applied .
to stain is primarily to discolor , to impart a color undesired and perhaps unintended , and which may or may not be permanent .
thus , a character " dyed in the wool " is one that has received some early , permanent , and pervading influence ; a character stained with crime or guilt is debased and perverted .
stain is , however , used of giving an intended and perhaps pleasing color to wood , glass , etc . , by an application of coloring - matter which enters the substance a little below the surface , in distinction from painting , in which coloring
- matter is spread upon the surface ; dyeing is generally said of wool , yarn , cloth , or similar materials which are dipped into the coloring liquid .
figuratively , a standard or a garment may be dyed with blood in honorable warfare ; an assassin's weapon is stained with the blood of his victim .
to tinge is to color slightly , and may also be used of giving a slight flavor , or a slight admixture of one ingredient or quality with another that is more pronounced .
* * * * *
state .
synonyms :
affirm , aver , declare , predicate , set forth , allege , avouch , depose , pronounce , specify , assert , avow , express , propound , swear , asseverate , certify , inform , protest , tell , assure , claim , maintain ,
say , testify .
to state ( l .
sto , stand ) is to set forth explicitly , formally , or particularly in speech or writing .
assert ( l .
ad , to , and sero , bind ) is strongly personal , signifying to state boldly and positively what the one making the statement has not attempted and may not attempt to prove .
affirm has less of egotism than assert ( as seen in the word self - assertion ) , coming nearer to aver .
it has more solemnity than declare , and more composure and dignity than asseverate , which is to assert excitedly .
in legal usage , affirm has a general agreement with depose and testify ; it differs from swear in not invoking the name of god .
to assure is to state with such authority and confidence as the speaker feels ought to make the hearer sure .
certify is more formal , and applies rather to written documents or legal processes .
assure , certify , inform , apply to the person ; affirm , etc . , to the thing .
assert is combative ; assure is conciliatory .
i assert my right to cross the river ; i assure my friend it is perfectly safe .
to aver is to state positively what is within one's own knowledge or matter of deep conviction .
one may assert himself , or assert his right to what he is willing to contend for ; or he may assert in discussion what he is ready to maintain by argument or evidence .
to assert without proof is always to lay oneself open to the suspicion of having no proof to offer , and seems to arrogate too much to one's personal authority , and hence in such cases both the verb assert and its noun assertion have an unfavorable
sense ; we say a mere assertion , a bare assertion , his unsupported assertion ; he asserted his innocence has less force than he affirmed or maintained his innocence .
affirm , state , and tell have not the controversial sense of assert , but are simply declarative .
to vindicate is to defend successfully what is assailed .
almost every criminal will assert his innocence ; the honest man will seldom lack means to vindicate his integrity .
antonyms :
contradict , controvert , disprove , gainsay , refute , retract , contravene , deny , dispute , oppose , repudiate , waive .
* * * * *
steep .
synonyms :
abrupt , high , precipitous , sharp , sheer .
high is used of simple elevation ; steep is said only of an incline where the vertical measurement is sufficiently great in proportion to the horizontal to make it difficult of ascent .
steep is relative ; an ascent of 100 feet to the mile on a railway is a steep grade ; a rise of 500 feet to the mile makes a steep wagon - road ; a roof is steep when it makes with the horizontal line an
angle of more than 45 deg . .
a high mountain may be climbed by a winding road nowhere steep , while a little hill may be accessible only by a steep path .
a sharp ascent or descent is one that makes a sudden , decided angle with the plane from which it starts ; a sheer ascent or descent is perpendicular , or nearly so ; precipitous applies to that which is of the nature of a precipice ,
and is used especially of a descent ; abrupt is as if broken sharply off , and applies to either acclivity or declivity .
compare high .
antonyms :
easy , flat , gentle , gradual , horizontal , level , low , slight .
* * * * *
storm .
synonyms :
agitation , disturbance , tempest .
a storm is properly a disturbance of the atmosphere , with or without rain , snow , hail , or thunder and lightning .
thus we have rain - storm , snow - storm , etc . , and by extension , magnetic storm .
a tempest is a storm of extreme violence , always attended with some precipitation , as of rain , from the atmosphere .
in the moral and figurative use , storm and tempest are not closely discriminated , except that tempest commonly implies greater intensity .
we speak of agitation of feeling , disturbance of mind , a storm of passion , a tempest of rage .
antonyms :
calm , fair weather , hush , peace , serenity , stillness , tranquillity .
* * * * *
story .
synonyms :
account , legend , narrative , recital , relation , anecdote , myth , novel , record , tale .
incident , narration ,
a story is the telling of some series of connected incidents or events , whether real or fictitious , in prose or verse , orally or in writing ; or the series of incidents or events thus related may be termed a story .
in children's talk , a story is a common euphemism for a falsehood .
tale is nearly synonymous with story , but is somewhat archaic ; it is used for an imaginative , legendary , or fictitious recital , especially if of ancient date ; as , a fairy tale ; also , for an idle or malicious report ; as
, do not tell tales ; " where there is no tale - bearer , the strife ceaseth . " prov .
xxvi , 20 .
an anecdote tells briefly some incident , assumed to be fact .
if it passes close limits of brevity , it ceases to be an anecdote , and becomes a narrative or narration .
a traditional or mythical story of ancient times is a legend .
a history is often somewhat poetically called a story ; as , the story of the american civil war .
compare allegory ; fiction ; history .
antonyms :
annals , biography , chronicle , history , memoir .
* * * * *
stupidity .
synonyms :
apathy , insensibility , slowness , stupefaction , dulness , obtuseness , sluggishness , stupor .
stupidity is sometimes loosely used for temporary dulness or partial stupor , but chiefly for innate and chronic dulness and sluggishness of mental action , obtuseness of apprehension , etc .
apathy may be temporary , and be dispelled by appeal to the feelings or by the presentation of an adequate motive , but stupidity is inveterate and commonly incurable .
compare apathy ; idiocy ; stupor .
antonyms :
acuteness , brilliancy , keenness , sagacity , alertness , cleverness , quickness , sense , animation , intelligence , readiness , sensibility .
* * * * *
stupor .
synonyms :
apathy , fainting , stupefaction , syncope , asphyxia , insensibility , swoon , torpor , coma , lethargy , swooning , unconsciousness .
stupor is a condition of the body in which the action of the senses and faculties is suspended or greatly dulled - - weakness or loss of sensibility .
the apathy of disease is a mental affection , a state of morbid indifference ; lethargy is a morbid tendency to heavy and continued sleep , from which the patient may perhaps be momentarily aroused .
coma is a deep , abnormal sleep , from which the patient can not be aroused , or is aroused only with difficulty , a state of profound insensibility , perhaps with full pulse and deep , stertorous breathing , and is due to brain - oppression
.
syncope or swooning is a sudden loss of sensation and of power of motion , with suspension of pulse and of respiration , and is due to failure of heart - action , as from sudden nervous shock or intense mental emotion .
insensibility is a general term denoting loss of feeling from any cause , as from cold , intoxication , or injury .
stupor is especially profound and confirmed insensibility , properly comatose .
asphyxia is a special form of syncope resulting from partial or total suspension of respiration , as in strangulation , drowning , or inhalation of noxious gases .
* * * * *
subjective .
synonym :
objective .
subjective and objective are synonyms in but one point of view , being , for the most part , strictly antonyms .
subjective signifies relating to the subject of mental states , that is , to the person who experiences them ; objective signifies relating to the object of mental states , that is , to something outside the perceiving mind ; in brief phrase it may be said
that subjective relates to something within the mind , objective to something without .
a mountain , as a mass of a certain size , contour , color , etc . , is an objective fact ; the impression our mind receives , the mental picture it forms of the mountain , is subjective .
but this subjective impression may become itself the object of thought ( called " subject - object " ) , as when we compare our mental picture of the mountain with our idea of a plain or river .
the direct experiences of the soul , as joy , grief , hope , fear , are purely subjective ; the outward causes of these experiences , as prosperity , bereavement , disappointment , are objective .
that which has independent existence or authority apart from our experience or thought is said to have objective existence or authority ; thus we speak of the objective authority of the moral law .
different individuals may receive different subjective impressions from the same objective fact , that which to one is a cause of hope being to another a cause of fear , etc .
the style of a writer is called objective when it derives its materials mainly from or reaches out toward external objects ; it is called subjective when it derives its materials mainly from or constantly tends to revert to the personal experience of the author .
compare inherent .
* * * * *
subsidy .
synonyms :
aid , bounty , indemnity , reward , support , allowance , gift , pension , subvention , tribute .
bonus , grant , premium ,
a subsidy is pecuniary aid directly granted by government to an individual or commercial enterprise , or money furnished by one nation to another to aid it in carrying on war against a common enemy .
a nation grants a subsidy to an ally , pays a tribute to a conqueror .
an indemnity is in the nature of things limited and temporary , while a tribute might be exacted indefinitely .
a nation may also grant a subsidy to its own citizens as a means of promoting the public welfare ; as , a subsidy to a steamship company .
the somewhat rare term subvention is especially applied to a grant of governmental aid to a literary or artistic enterprise .
governmental aid to a commercial or industrial enterprise other than a transportation company is more frequently called a bounty than a subsidy ; as , the sugar bounty .
the word bounty may be applied to almost any regular or stipulated allowance by a government to a citizen or citizens ; as , a bounty for enlisting in the army ; a bounty for killing wolves .
a bounty is offered for something to be done ; a pension is granted for something that has been done .
* * * * *
subvert .
synonyms :
destroy , overthrow , ruin , supplant , extinguish , overturn , supersede , suppress .
to subvert is to overthrow from or as from the very foundation ; utterly destroy ; bring to ruin .
the word is now generally figurative , as of moral or political ruin .
to supersede implies the putting of something that is wisely or unwisely preferred in the place of that which is removed ; to subvert does not imply substitution .
to supplant is more often personal , signifying to take the place of another , usually by underhanded means ; one is superseded by authority , supplanted by a rival .
compare abolish .
antonyms :
conserve , keep , perpetuate , preserve , sustain , uphold .
* * * * *
succeed .
synonyms :
achieve , attain , flourish , prevail , prosper , thrive , win .
a person succeeds when he accomplishes what he attempts , or attains a desired object or result ; an enterprise or undertaking succeeds that has a prosperous result .
to win implies that some one loses , but one may succeed where no one fails .
a solitary swimmer succeeds in reaching the shore ; if we say he wins the shore we contrast him with himself as a possible loser .
many students may succeed in study ; a few win the special prizes , for which all compete .
compare follow .
antonyms :
be defeated , come short , fail , fall short , lose , miss , miscarry .
* * * * *
suggestion .
synonyms :
hint , implication , innuendo , insinuation , intimation .
a suggestion ( l .
sub , under , and gero , bring ) brings something before the mind less directly than by formal or explicit statement , as by a partial statement , an incidental allusion , an illustration , a question , or the like .
suggestion is often used of an unobtrusive statement of one's views or wishes to another , leaving consideration and any consequent action entirely to his judgment , and is hence , in many cases , the most respectful way in which one can convey his views to
a superior or a stranger .
a suggestion may be given unintentionally , and even unconsciously , as when we say an author has " a suggestive style . " an intimation is a suggestion in brief utterance , or sometimes by significant act , gesture , or token , of one's meaning
or wishes ; in the latter case it is often the act of a superior ; as , god in his providence gives us intimations of his will .
a hint is still more limited in expression , and is always covert , but frequently with good intent ; as , to give one a hint of danger or of opportunity .
insinuation and innuendo are used in the bad sense ; an insinuation is a covert or partly veiled injurious utterance , sometimes to the very person attacked ; an innuendo is commonly secret as well as sly , as if pointing one out by a significant nod
( l .
in , in , to , and nuo , nod ) .
* * * * *
supernatural .
synonyms :
miraculous , preternatural , superhuman .
the supernatural ( super , above ) is above or superior to the recognized powers of nature ; the preternatural ( preter , beyond ) is aside from or beyond the recognized results or operations of natural law , often in the sense of inauspicious ; as
, a preternatural gloom .
miraculous is more emphatic and specific than supernatural , as referring to the direct personal intervention of divine power .
some hold that a miracle , as the raising of the dead , is a direct suspension and even violation of natural laws by the fiat of the creator , and hence is , in the strictest sense , supernatural ; others hold that the miracle is
simply the calling forth of a power residing in the laws of nature , but not within their ordinary operation , and dependent on a distinct act of god , so that the miraculous might be termed " extranatural , " rather than supernatural .
all that is beyond human power is superhuman ; as , prophecy gives evidence of superhuman knowledge ; the word is sometimes applied to remarkable manifestations of human power , surpassing all that is ordinary .
antonyms :
common , commonplace , everyday , natural , ordinary , usual .
* * * * *
support .
synonyms :
bear , cherish , keep , maintain , sustain , carry , hold up , keep up , prop , uphold .
support and sustain alike signify to hold up or keep up , to prevent from falling or sinking ; but sustain has a special sense of continuous exertion or of great strength continuously exerted , as when we speak of sustained endeavor or a sustained note ;
a flower is supported by the stem or a temple - roof by arches ; the foundations of a great building sustain an enormous pressure ; to sustain life implies a greater exigency and need than to support life ; to say one is sustained under affliction
is to say more both of the severity of the trial and the completeness of the upholding than if we say he is supported .
to bear is the most general word , denoting all holding up or keeping up of any object , whether in rest or motion ; in the derived senses it refers to something that is a tax upon strength or endurance ; as , to bear a
strain ; to bear pain or grief .
to maintain is to keep in a state or condition , especially in an excellent and desirable condition ; as , to maintain health or reputation ; to maintain one's position ; to maintain a cause or proposition is to hold it against opposition or difficulty .
to support may be partial , to maintain is complete ; maintain is a word of more dignity than support ; a man supports his family ; a state maintains an army or navy .
to prop is always partial , signifying to add support to something that is insecure .
compare abet ; endure ; keep .
antonyms :
abandon , break down , demolish , destroy , let go , throw down , betray , cast down , desert , drop , overthrow , wreck .
prepositions :
the roof is supported by , on , or upon pillars ; the family was supported on or upon a pittance , or by charity .
* * * * *
suppose .
synonyms :
conjecture , deem , guess , imagine , surmise , think .
to suppose is temporarily to assume a thing as true , either with the expectation of finding it so or for the purpose of ascertaining what would follow if it were so .
to suppose is also to think a thing to be true while aware or conceding that the belief does not rest upon any sure ground , and may not accord with fact ; or yet again , to suppose is to imply as true or involved as
a necessary inference ; as , design supposes the existence of a designer .
to conjecture is to put together the nearest available materials for a provisional opinion , always with some expectation of finding the facts to be as conjectured .
to imagine is to form a mental image of something as existing , tho its actual existence may be unknown , or even impossible .
to think , in this application , is to hold as the result of thought what is admitted not to be matter of exact or certain knowledge ; as , i do not know , but i think this to be the fact : a more conclusive
statement than would be made by the use of conjecture or suppose .
compare doubt ; hypothesis .
antonyms :
ascertain , be sure , conclude , discover , know , prove .
* * * * *
surrender .
synonyms :
abandon , cede , give over , relinquish , alienate , give , give up , sacrifice , capitulate , give oneself up , let go , yield .
to surrender is to give up upon compulsion , as to an enemy in war , hence to give up to any person , passion , influence , or power .
to yield is to give place or give way under pressure , and hence under compulsion .
yield implies more softness or concession than surrender ; the most determined men may surrender to overwhelming force ; when one yields , his spirit is at least somewhat subdued .
a monarch or a state cedes territory perhaps for a consideration ; surrenders an army , a navy , or a fortified place to a conqueror ; a military commander abandons an untenable position or unavailable stores .
we sacrifice something precious through error , friendship , or duty , yield to convincing reasons , a stronger will , winsome persuasion , or superior force .
compare abandon .
* * * * *
synonymous .
synonyms :
alike , equivalent , like , similar , correspondent , identical , same , synonymic .
corresponding , interchangeable ,
synonymous ( gr .
syn , together , and onyma , name ) strictly signifies being interchangeable names for the same thing , or being one of two or more interchangeable names for the same thing ; to say that two words are synonymous is strictly to say they are alike
, equivalent , identical , or the same in meaning ; but the use of synonymous in this strict sense is somewhat rare , and rather with reference to statements than to words .
to say that we are morally developed is synonymous with saying that we have reaped what some one has suffered for us .
h .
w .
beecher royal truths p .
294 .
[ t .
& f .
' 66 . ]
in the strictest sense , synonymous words scarcely exist ; rarely , if ever , are any two words in any language equivalent or identical in meaning ; where a difference in meaning can not easily be shown , a difference in usage commonly exists , so
that the words are not interchangeable .
by synonymous words ( or synonyms ) we usually understand words that coincide or nearly coincide in some part of their meaning , and may hence within certain limits be used interchangeably , while outside of those limits they may differ very greatly in meaning and use
.
it is the office of a work on synonyms to point out these correspondences and differences , that language may have the flexibility that comes from freedom of selection within the common limits , with the perspicuity and precision that result from exact choice of the fittest
words to express each shade of meaning outside of the common limits .
to consider synonymous words identical is fatal to accuracy ; to forget that they are similar , to some extent equivalent , and sometimes interchangeable , is destructive of freedom and variety .
* * * * *
system .
synonyms :
manner , method , mode , order , regularity , rule .
order in this connection denotes the fact or result of proper arrangement according to the due relation or sequence of the matters arranged ; as , these papers are in order ; in alphabetical order .
method denotes a process , a general or established way of doing or proceeding in anything ; rule , an authoritative requirement or an established course of things ; system , not merely a law of action or procedure , but a comprehensive plan in which all
the parts are related to each other and to the whole ; as , a system of theology ; a railroad system ; the digestive system ; manner refers to the external qualities of actions , and to those often as settled and characteristic ; we speak
of a system of taxation , a method of collecting taxes , the rules by which assessments are made ; or we say , as a rule the payments are heaviest at a certain time of year ; a just tax may be made odious by the
manner of its collection .
regularity applies to the even disposition of objects or uniform recurrence of acts in a series .
there may be regularity without order , as in the recurrence of paroxysms of disease or insanity ; there may be order without regularity , as in the arrangement of furniture in a room , where the objects are placed at varying distances .
order commonly implies the design of an intelligent agent or the appearance or suggestion of such design ; regularity applies to an actual uniform disposition or recurrence with no suggestion of purpose , and as applied to human affairs is less intelligent and more mechanical than order
.
the most perfect order is often secured with least regularity , as in a fine essay or oration .
the same may be said of system .
there is a regularity of dividing a treatise into topics , paragraphs , and sentences , that is destructive of true rhetorical system .
compare habit ; hypothesis .
antonyms :
chaos , derangement , disarrangement , disorder , irregularity .
confusion ,
* * * * *
taciturn .
synonyms :
close , mute , reticent , speechless , dumb , reserved , silent , uncommunicative .
dumb , mute , silent and speechless refer to fact or state ; taciturn refers to habit and disposition .
the talkative person may be stricken dumb with surprise or terror ; the obstinate may remain mute ; one may be silent through preoccupation of mind or of set purpose ; but the taciturn person is averse to the utterance of thought or feeling and to communication
with others , either from natural disposition or for the occasion .
one who is silent does not speak at all ; one who is taciturn speaks when compelled , but in a grudging way that repels further approach .
reserved suggests more of method and intention than taciturn , applying often to some special time or topic ; one who is communicative regarding all else may be reserved about his business .
reserved is thus closely equivalent to uncommunicative , but is a somewhat stronger word , often suggesting pride or haughtiness , as when we say one is reserved toward inferiors .
compare pride .
antonyms :
communicative , free , garrulous , loquacious , talkative , unreserved .
* * * * *
tasteful .
synonyms :
artistic , delicate , esthetic , fastidious , nice , chaste , delicious , esthetical , fine , tasty .
dainty , elegant , exquisite ,
elegant ( l .
elegans , select ) refers to that assemblage of qualities which makes anything choice to persons of culture and refinement ; it refers to the lighter , finer elements of beauty in form or motion , especially denoting that which exhibits faultless taste and perfection of finish
.
that which is elegant is made so not merely by nature , but by art and culture ; a woodland dell may be beautiful or picturesque , but would not ordinarily be termed elegant .
tasteful refers to that in which the element of taste is more prominent , standing , as it were , more by itself , while in elegant it is blended as part of the whole .
tasty is an inferior word , used colloquially in a similar sense .
chaste ( primarily pure ) , denotes in literature and art that which is true to the higher and finer feelings and free from all excess or meretricious ornament .
dainty and delicate refer to the lighter and finer elements of taste and beauty , dainty tending in personal use to an excessive scrupulousness which is more fully expressed by fastidious .
nice and delicate both refer to exact adaptation to some standard ; the bar of a balance can be said to be nicely or delicately poised ; as regards matters of taste and beauty , delicate is a higher and more discriminating word than nice , and
is always used in a favorable sense ; a delicate distinction is one worth observing ; a nice distinction may be so , or may be overstrained and unduly subtle ; fine in such use , is closely similar to delicate and nice , but ( tho
capable of an unfavorable sense ) has commonly a suggestion of positive excellence or admirableness ; a fine touch does something ; fine perceptions are to some purpose ; delicate is capable of the single unfavorable sense of frail or fragile ; as , a delicate constitution
.
esthetic or esthetical refers to beauty or the appreciation of the beautiful , especially from the philosophic point of view .
exquisite denotes the utmost perfection of the elegant in minute details ; we speak of an elegant garment , an exquisite lace .
exquisite is also applied to intense keenness of any feeling ; as , exquisite delight ; exquisite pain .
see beautiful ; delicious ; fine .
antonyms :
clumsy , displeasing , grotesque , inartistic , rough , coarse , distasteful , harsh , inharmonious , rude , deformed , fulsome , hideous , meretricious , rugged , disgusting , gaudy , horrid , offensive , tawdry .
* * * * *
teach .
synonyms :
discipline , give instruction , inform , nurture , drill , give lessons , initiate , school , educate , inculcate , instill , train , enlighten , indoctrinate , instruct , tutor .
to teach is simply to communicate knowledge ; to instruct ( originally , to build in or into , put in order ) is to impart knowledge with special method and completeness ; instruct has also an authoritative sense nearly equivalent to command .
to educate is to draw out or develop harmoniously the mental powers , and , in the fullest sense , the moral powers as well .
to train is to direct to a certain result powers already existing .
train is used in preference to educate when the reference is to the inferior animals or to the physical powers of man ; as , to train a horse ; to train the hand or eye .
to discipline is to bring into habitual and complete subjection to authority ; discipline is a severe word , and is often used as a euphemism for punish ; to be thoroughly effective in war , soldiers must be disciplined as well as trained .
to nurture is to furnish the care and sustenance necessary for physical , mental , and moral growth ; nurture is a more tender and homelike word than educate .
compare education .
* * * * *
temerity .
synonyms :
audacity , heedlessness , presumption , foolhardiness , over - confidence , rashness , hardihood , precipitancy , recklessness , hastiness , precipitation , venturesomeness .
rashness applies to the actual rushing into danger without counting the cost ; temerity denotes the needless exposure of oneself to peril which is or might be clearly seen to be such .
rashness is used chiefly of bodily acts , temerity often of mental or social matters ; there may be a noble rashness , but temerity is always used in a bad sense .
we say it is amazing that one should have had the temerity to make a statement which could be readily proved a falsehood , or to make an unworthy proposal to one sure to resent it ; in such use temerity is often closely allied to hardihood
, audacity , or presumption .
venturesomeness dallies on the edge of danger and experiments with it ; foolhardiness rushes in for want of sense , heedlessness for want of attention , rashness for want of reflection , recklessness from disregard of consequences .
audacity , in the sense here considered , denotes a dashing and somewhat reckless courage , in defiance of conventionalities , or of other men's opinions , or of what would be deemed probable consequences ; as , the audacity of a successful financier .
compare effrontery .
antonyms :
care , circumspection , cowardice , hesitation , timidity , wariness .
caution ,
* * * * *
term .
synonyms :
article , denomination , member , phrase , condition , expression , name , word .
term in its figurative uses always retains something of its literal sense of a boundary or limit .
the articles of a contract or other instrument are simply the portions into which it is divided for convenience ; the terms are the essential statements on which its validity depends - - as it were , the landmarks of its meaning or power ; a condition
is a contingent term which may become fixed upon the happening of some contemplated event .
in logic a term is one of the essential members of a proposition , the boundary of statement in some one direction .
thus , in general use term is more restricted than word , expression , or phrase ; a term is a word that limits meaning to a fixed point of statement or to a special class of subjects , as when we speak of the definition of
terms , that is of the key - words in any discussion ; or we say , that is a legal or scientific term .
compare boundary ; diction .
* * * * *
terse .
synonyms :
brief , concise , neat , short , compact , condensed , pithy , succinct .
compendious , laconic , sententious ,
anything short or brief is of relatively small extent .
that which is concise ( l .
con - , with , together , and caedo , cut ) is trimmed down , and that which is condensed ( l .
con - , with , together , and densus , thick ) is , as it were , pressed together , so as to include as much as possible within a small space .
that which is compendious ( l .
com - , together , and pendo , weigh ) gathers the substance of a matter into a few words , weighty and effective .
the succinct ( l .
succinctus , from sub - , under , and cingo , gird ; girded from below ) has an alert effectiveness as if girded for action .
the summary is compacted to the utmost , often to the point of abruptness ; as , we speak of a summary statement or a summary dismissal .
that which is terse ( l .
tersus , from tergo , rub off ) has an elegant and finished completeness within the smallest possible compass , as if rubbed or polished down to the utmost .
a sententious style is one abounding in sentences that are singly striking or memorable , apart from the context ; the word may be used invidiously of that which is pretentiously oracular .
a pithy utterance gives the gist of a matter effectively , whether in rude or elegant style .
antonyms :
diffuse , lengthy , long , prolix , tedious , verbose , wordy .
* * * * *
testimony .
synonyms :
affidavit , attestation , deposition , proof , affirmation , certification , evidence , witness .
testimony , in legal as well as in common use , signifies the statements of witnesses .
deposition and affidavit denote testimony reduced to writing ; the deposition differs from the affidavit in that the latter is voluntary and without cross - examination , while the former is made under interrogatories and subject to cross - examination .
evidence is a broader term , including the testimony of witnesses and all facts of every kind that tend to prove a thing true ; we have the testimony of a traveler that a fugitive passed this way ; his footprints in the sand are additional evidence
of the fact .
compare demonstration ; oath .
* * * * *
therefore .
synonyms :
accordingly , consequently , then , whence , because , hence , thence , wherefore .
therefore , signifying for that ( or this ) reason , is the most precise and formal word for expressing the direct conclusion of a chain of reasoning ; then carries a similar but slighter sense of inference , which it gives incidentally rather than formally ;
as , " all men are mortal ; caesar is a man ; therefore caesar is mortal ; " or , " the contract is awarded ; then there is no more to be said . " consequently denotes a direct result , but more frequently of
a practical than a theoretic kind ; as , " important matters demand my attention ; consequently i shall not sail to - day . " consequently is rarely used in the formal conclusions of logic or mathematics , but marks rather the freer and looser style
of rhetorical argument .
accordingly denotes correspondence , which may or may not be consequence ; it is often used in narration ; as , " the soldiers were eager and confident ; accordingly they sprang forward at the word of command . " thence is a word of more sweeping
inference than therefore , applying not merely to a single set of premises , but often to all that has gone before , including the reasonable inferences that have not been formally stated .
wherefore is the correlative of therefore , and whence of hence or thence , appending the inference or conclusion to the previous statement without a break .
compare synonyms for because .
* * * * *
throng .
synonyms :
concourse , crowd , host , jam , mass , multitude , press .
a crowd is a company of persons filling to excess the space they occupy and pressing inconveniently upon one another ; the total number in a crowd may be great or small .
throng is a word of vastness and dignity , always implying that the persons are numerous as well as pressed or pressing closely together ; there may be a dense crowd in a small room , but there can not be a throng .
host and multitude both imply vast numbers , but a multitude may be diffused over a great space so as to be nowhere a crowd ; host is a military term , and properly denotes an assembly too orderly for crowding .
concourse signifies a spontaneous gathering of many persons moved by a common impulse , and has a suggestion of stateliness not found in the word crowd , while suggesting less massing and pressure than is indicated by the word throng .
* * * * *
time .
synonyms :
age , duration , epoch , period , sequence , term , date , eon , era , season , succession , while .
sequence and succession apply to events viewed as following one another ; time and duration denote something conceived of as enduring while events take place and acts are done .
according to the necessary conditions of human thought , events are contained in time as objects are in space , time existing before the event , measuring it as it passes , and still existing when the event is past .
duration and succession are more general words than time ; we can speak of infinite or eternal duration or succession , but time is commonly contrasted with eternity .
time is measured or measurable duration .
* * * * *
tip .
synonyms :
cant , dip , incline , list , slope , careen , heel over , lean , slant , tilt .
to tilt or tip is to throw out of a horizontal position by raising one side or end or lowering the other ; the words are closely similar , but tilt suggests more of fluctuation or instability .
slant and slope are said of things somewhat fixed or permanent in a position out of the horizontal or perpendicular ; the roof slants , the hill slopes .
incline is a more formal word for tip , and also for slant or slope .
to cant is to set slantingly ; in many cases tip and cant might be interchanged , but tip is more temporary , often momentary ; one tips a pail so that the water flows over the edge ; a mechanic cants a table by making or
setting one side higher than the other .
a vessel careens in the wind ; lists , usually , from shifting of cargo , from water in the hold , etc .
careening is always toward one side or the other ; listing may be forward or astern as well .
to heel over is the same as to careen , and must be distinguished from " keel over , " which is to capsize .
* * * * *
tire .
synonyms :
exhaust , fatigue , harass , jade , wear out , weary .
fag ,
to tire is to reduce strength in any degree by exertion ; one may be tired just enough to make rest pleasant , or even unconsciously tired , becoming aware of the fact only when he ceases the exertion ; or , on the other hand ,
he may be , according to the common phrase , " too tired to stir ; " but for this extreme condition the stronger words are commonly used .
one who is fatigued suffers from a conscious and painful lack of strength as the result of some overtaxing ; an invalid may be fatigued with very slight exertion ; when one is wearied , the painful lack of strength is the result of long - continued
demand or strain ; one is exhausted when the strain has been so severe and continuous as utterly to consume the strength , so that further exertion is for the time impossible .
one is fagged by drudgery ; he is jaded by incessant repetition of the same act until it becomes increasingly difficult or well - nigh impossible ; as , a horse is jaded by a long and unbroken journey .
antonyms :
invigorate , refresh , relax , relieve , repose , rest , restore .
recreate ,
* * * * *
tool .
synonyms :
apparatus , implement , machine , utensil , appliance , instrument , mechanism , weapon .
a tool is something that is both contrived and used for extending the force of an intelligent agent to something that is to be operated upon .
those things by which pacific and industrial operations are performed are alone properly called tools , those designed for warlike purposes being designated weapons .
an instrument is anything through which power is applied and a result produced ; in general usage , the word is of considerably wider meaning than tool ; as , a piano is a musical instrument .
instrument is the word usually applied to tools used in scientific pursuits ; as , we speak of a surgeon's or an optician's instruments .
an implement is a mechanical agency considered with reference to some specific purpose to which it is adapted ; as , an agricultural implement ; implements of war .
implement is a less technical and artificial term than tool .
the paw of a tiger might be termed a terrible implement , but not a tool .
a utensil is that which may be used for some special purpose ; the word is especially applied to articles used for domestic or agricultural purposes ; as , kitchen utensils ; farming utensils .
an appliance is that which is or may be applied to the accomplishment of a result , either independently or as subordinate to something more extensive or important ; every mechanical tool is an appliance , but not every appliance is a tool ; the traces of
a harness are appliances for traction , but they are not tools .
mechanism is a word of wide meaning , denoting any combination of mechanical devices for united action .
a machine in the most general sense is any mechanical instrument for the conversion of motion ; in this sense a lever is a machine ; but in more commonly accepted usage a machine is distinguished from a tool by its complexity , and by the combination
and coordination of powers and movements for the production of a result .
a chisel by itself is a tool ; when it is set so as to be operated by a crank and pitman , the entire mechanism is called a machine ; as , a mortising - machine .
an apparatus may be a machine , but the word is commonly used for a collection of distinct articles to be used in connection or combination for a certain purpose - - a mechanical equipment ; as , the apparatus of a gymnasium ; especially , for
a collection of appliances for some scientific purpose ; as , a chemical or surgical apparatus ; an apparatus may include many tools , instruments , or implements .
implement is for the most part and utensil is altogether restricted to the literal sense ; instrument , machine , and tool have figurative use , instrument being used largely in a good , tool always in a bad sense ; machine inclines to the unfavorable sense
, as implying that human agents are made mechanically subservient to some controlling will ; as , an instrument of providence ; the tool of a tyrant ; a political machine .
* * * * *
topic .
synonyms :
division , issue , motion , proposition , subject , head , matter , point , question , theme .
a topic ( gr .
topos , place ) is a head of discourse .
since a topic for discussion is often stated in the form of a question , question has come to be extensively used to denote a debatable topic , especially of a practical nature - - an issue ; as , the labor question ; the temperance question
.
in deliberative assemblies a proposition presented or moved for acceptance is called a motion , and such a motion or other matter for consideration is known as the question , since it is or may be stated in interrogative form to be answered by each member with
a vote of " aye " or " no ; " a member is required to speak to the question ; the chairman puts the question .
in speaking or writing the general subject or theme may be termed the topic , tho it is more usual to apply the latter term to the subordinate divisions , points , or heads of discourse ; as , to enlarge on this topic would carry me
too far from my subject ; a pleasant drive will suggest many topics for conversation .
* * * * *
trace .
synonyms :
footmark , impression , remains , token , trail , footprint , mark , remnant , track , vestige .
footstep , memorial , sign ,
a memorial is that which is intended or fitted to bring to remembrance something that has passed away ; it may be vast and stately .
on the other hand , a slight token of regard may be a cherished memorial of a friend ; either a concrete object or an observance may be a memorial .
a vestige is always slight compared with that whose existence it recalls ; as , scattered mounds containing implements , weapons , etc . , are vestiges of a former civilization .
a vestige is always a part of that which has passed away ; a trace may be merely the mark made by something that has been present or passed by , and that is still existing , or some slight evidence of its presence or of the
effect it has produced ; as , traces of game were observed by the hunter .
compare characteristic .
* * * * *
transact .
synonyms :
accomplish , carry on , do , perform , act , conduct , negotiate , treat .
there are many acts that one may do , accomplish , or perform unaided ; what he transacts is by means of or in association with others ; one may do a duty , perform a vow , accomplish a task , but he transacts business ,
since that always involves the agency of others .
to negotiate and to treat are likewise collective acts , but both these words lay stress upon deliberation with adjustment of mutual claims and interests ; transact , while it may depend upon previous deliberation , states execution only .
notes , bills of exchange , loans , and treaties are said to be negotiated , the word so used covering not merely the preliminary consideration , but the final settlement .
negotiate has more reference to execution than treat ; nations may treat of peace without result , but when a treaty is negotiated , peace is secured ; the citizens of the two nations are then free to transact business with one another .
compare do .
* * * * *
transaction .
synonyms :
act , action , affair , business , deed , doing , proceeding .
one's acts or deeds may be exclusively his own ; his transactions involve the agency or participation of others .
a transaction is something completed ; a proceeding is or is viewed as something in progress ; but since transaction is often used to include the steps leading to the conclusion , while proceedings may result in action , the dividing line between the two words becomes
sometimes quite faint , tho transaction often emphasizes the fact of something done , or brought to a conclusion .
both transactions and proceedings are used of the records of a deliberative body , especially when published ; strictly used , the two are distinguished ; as , the philosophical transactions of the royal society of london give in full the papers read ; the proceedings of
the american philological association give in full the business done , with mere abstracts of or extracts from the papers read .
compare act ; business .
* * * * *
transcendental .
synonyms :
a priori , intuitive , original , primordial , transcendent .
intuitive truths are those which are in the mind independently of all experience , not being derived from experience nor limited by it , as that the whole is greater than a part , or that things which are equal to the same thing are equal to
one another .
all intuitive truths or beliefs are transcendental .
but transcendental is a wider term than intuitive , including all within the limits of thought that is not derived from experience , as the ideas of space and time .
" being is transcendental . . . .
as being can not be included under any genus , but transcends them all , so the properties or affections of being have also been called transcendental . " k . - f .
vocab .
philos .
p .
530 .
" transcendent he [ kant ] employed to denote what is wholly beyond experience , being neither given as an a posteriori nor a priori element of cognition - - what therefore transcends every category of thought . " k . - f .
vocab .
philos .
p .
531 .
transcendental has been applied in the language of the emersonian school to the soul's supposed intuitive knowledge of things divine and human , so far as they are capable of being known to man .
compare mysterious .
* * * * *
transient .
synonyms :
brief , fleeting , fugitive , short , ephemeral , flitting , momentary , temporary , evanescent , flying , passing , transitory .
transient and transitory are both derived from the same original source ( l .
trans , over , and eo , go ) , denoting that which quickly passes or is passing away , but there is between them a fine shade of difference .
a thing is transient which in fact is not lasting ; a thing is transitory which by its very nature must soon pass away ; a thing is temporary ( l .
tempus , time ) which is intended to last or be made use of but a little while ; as , a transient joy ; this transitory life ; a temporary chairman .
ephemeral ( gr .
epi , on , and hemera , day ) literally lasting but for a day , often marks more strongly than transient exceeding brevity of duration ; it agrees with transitory in denoting that its object is destined to pass away , but is stronger , as
denoting not only its certain but its speedy extinction ; thus that which is ephemeral is looked upon as at once slight and perishable , and the word carries often a suggestion of contempt ; man's life is transitory , a butterfly's existence is ephemeral ; with
no solid qualities or worthy achievements a pretender may sometimes gain an ephemeral popularity .
that which is fleeting is viewed as in the act of passing swiftly by , and that which is fugitive ( l .
fugio , flee ) as eluding attempts to detain it ; that which is evanescent ( l .
evanesco , from e , out , and vanus , empty , vain ) as in the act of vanishing even while we gaze , as the hues of the sunset .
antonyms :
abiding , eternal , immortal , lasting , perpetual , undying , enduring , everlasting , imperishable , permanent , persistent , unfading .
* * * * *
union .
synonyms :
coalition , conjunction , juncture , unification , combination , junction , oneness , unity .
unity is oneness , the state of being one , especially of that which never has been divided or of that which can not be conceived of as resolved into parts ; as , the unity of god or the unity of the human soul .
union is a bringing together of things that have been distinct , so that they combine or coalesce to form a new whole , or the state or condition of things thus brought together ; in a union the separate individuality of the things united is never
lost sight of ; we speak of the union of the parts of a fractured bone or of the union of hearts in marriage .
but unity can be said of that which is manifestly or even conspicuously made up of parts , when a single purpose or ideal is so subserved by all that their possible separateness is lost sight of ; as , we speak of the unity of the
human body , or of the unity of the church .
compare alliance ; association ; attachment ; harmony ; marriage .
antonyms :
analysis , disconnection , disunion , divorce , separation , contrariety , disjunction , division , schism , severance .
decomposition , dissociation ,
* * * * *
usual .
synonyms :
accustomed , everyday , general , ordinary , public , common , familiar , habitual , prevailing , regular , customary , frequent , normal , prevalent , wonted .
usual ( l .
usus , use , habit , wont ) signifies such as regularly or often recurs in the ordinary course of events , or is habitually repeated in the life of the same person .
ordinary ( l .
ordo , order ) signifies according to an established order , hence of everyday occurrence .
in strictness , common and general apply to the greater number of individuals in a class ; but both words are in good use as applying to the greater number of instances in a series , so that it is possible to speak of one person's common
practise or general custom , tho ordinary or usual would in such case be preferable .
compare general ; normal .
antonyms :
exceptional , infrequent , rare , strange , unparalleled , extraordinary , out - of - the - way , singular , uncommon , unusual .
* * * * *
utility .
synonyms :
advantage , expediency , serviceableness , avail , profit , use , benefit , service , usefulness .
utility ( l .
utilis , useful ) signifies primarily the quality of being useful , but is somewhat more abstract and philosophical than usefulness or use , and is often employed to denote adaptation to produce a valuable result , while usefulness denotes the actual production of such result .
we contrast beauty and utility .
we say of an invention , its utility is questionable , or , on the other hand , its usefulness has been proved by ample trial , or i have found it of use ; still , utility and usefulness are frequently interchanged .
expediency ( l .
ex , out , and pes , foot ; literally , the getting the foot out ) refers primarily to escape from or avoidance of some difficulty or trouble ; either expediency or utility may be used to signify profit or advantage considered apart from right as
the ground of moral obligation , or of actions that have a moral character , expediency denoting immediate advantage on a contracted view , and especially with reference to avoiding danger , difficulty , or loss , while utility may be so broadened as to cover all
existence through all time , as in the utilitarian theory of morals .
policy is often used in a kindred sense , more positive than expediency but narrower than utility , as in the proverb , " honesty is the best policy . " compare profit .
antonyms :
disadvantage , futility , inadequacy , inutility , uselessness , folly , impolicy , inexpediency , unprofitableness , worthlessness .
* * * * *
vacant .
synonyms :
blank , leisure , unfilled , untenanted , void , empty , unemployed , unoccupied , vacuous , waste .
that is empty which contains nothing ; that is vacant which is without that which has filled or might be expected to fill it ; vacant has extensive reference to rights or possibilities of occupancy .
a vacant room may not be empty , and an empty house may not be vacant .
vacant , as derived from the latin , is applied to things of some dignity ; empty , from the saxon , is preferred in speaking of slight , common , or homely matters , tho it may be applied with special force to the highest ;
we speak of empty space , a vacant lot , an empty dish , an empty sleeve , a vacant mind , an empty heart , an empty boast , a vacant office , a vacant or leisure hour .
void and devoid are rarely used in the literal sense , but for the most part confined to abstract relations , devoid being followed by of , and having with that addition the effect of a prepositional phrase ; as , the article is devoid of sense
; the contract is void for want of consideration .
waste , in this connection , applies to that which is made so by devastation or ruin , or gives an impression of desolation , especially as combined with vastness , probably from association of the words waste and vast : waste is applied also to uncultivated
or unproductive land , if of considerable extent ; we speak of a waste track or region , but not of a waste city lot .
vacuous refers to the condition of being empty or vacant , regarded as continuous or characteristic .
antonyms :
brimful , busy , filled , inhabited , overflowing , brimmed , crammed , full , jammed , packed , brimming , crowded , gorged , occupied , replete .
* * * * *
vain .
synonyms :
abortive , futile , shadowy , unsatisfying , baseless , idle , trifling , unserviceable , bootless , inconstant , trivial , unsubstantial , deceitful , ineffectual , unavailing , useless , delusive , nugatory , unimportant , vapid , empty , null , unprofitable , visionary
, fruitless , profitless , unreal , worthless .
vain ( l .
vanus , empty ) keeps the etymological idea through all changes of meaning ; a vain endeavor is empty of result , or of adequate power to produce a result , a vain pretension is empty or destitute of support , a vain person has a conceit
that is empty or destitute of adequate cause or reason .
that which is bootless , fruitless , or profitless fails to accomplish any valuable result ; that which is abortive , ineffectual , or unavailing fails to accomplish a result that it was , or was supposed to be , adapted to accomplish .
that which is useless , futile , or vain is inherently incapable of accomplishing a specified result .
useless , in the widest sense , signifies not of use for any valuable purpose , and is thus closely similar to valueless and worthless .
fruitless is more final than ineffectual , as applying to the sum or harvest of endeavor .
that which is useless lacks actual fitness for a purpose ; that which is vain lacks imaginable fitness .
compare vacant ; ostentation ; pride .
antonyms :
adequate , effective , powerful , solid , useful , advantageous , efficient , profitable , sound , valid , beneficial , expedient , real , substantial , valuable , competent , potent , serviceable , sufficient , worthy .
compare synonyms for utility .
* * * * *
venal .
synonyms :
hireling , mercenary , purchasable , salable .
venal ( l .
venalis , from venum , sale ) signifies ready to sell one's influence , vote , or efforts for money or other consideration ; mercenary ( l .
mercenarius , from merces , pay , reward ) signifies influenced chiefly or only by desire for gain or reward ; thus , etymologically , the mercenary can be hired , while the venal are openly or actually for sale ; hireling ( as .
hyrling , from hyr ) signifies serving for hire or pay , or having the spirit or character of one who works or of that which is done directly for hire or pay .
mercenary has especial application to character or disposition ; as , a mercenary spirit ; mercenary motives - - i .
e . , a spirit or motives to which money is the chief consideration or the moving principle .
the hireling , the mercenary , and the venal are alike in making principle , conscience , and honor of less account than gold or sordid considerations ; but the mercenary and venal may be simply open to the bargain and sale which the hireling has already
consummated ; a clergyman may be mercenary in making place and pay of undue importance while not venal enough to forsake his own communion for another for any reward that could be offered him .
the mercenary may retain much show of independence ; hireling service sacrifices self - respect as well as principle ; a public officer who makes his office tributary to private speculation in which he is interested is mercenary ; if he receives a stipulated recompense for administering
his office at the behest of some leader , faction , corporation , or the like , he is both hireling and venal ; if he gives essential advantages for pay , without subjecting himself to any direct domination , his course is venal , but not
hireling .
compare pay ; venial .
antonyms :
disinterested , honest , incorruptible , public - spirited , generous , honorable , patriotic , unpurchasable .
* * * * *
venerate .
synonyms :
adore , honor , respect , revere , reverence .
in the highest sense , to revere or reverence is to hold in mingled love and honor with something of sacred fear , as for that which while lovely is sublimely exalted and brings upon us by contrast a sense of our unworthiness or inferiority ; to
revere is a wholly spiritual act ; to reverence is often , tho not necessarily , to give outward expression to the reverential feeling ; we revere or reverence the divine majesty .
revere is a stronger word than reverence or venerate .
to venerate is to hold in exalted honor without fear , and is applied to objects less removed from ourselves than those we revere , being said especially of aged persons , of places or objects having sacred associations , and of abstractions ; we venerate an
aged pastor , the dust of heroes or martyrs , lofty virtue or self - sacrifice , or some great cause , as that of civil or religious liberty ; we do not venerate god , but revere or reverence him .
we adore with a humble yet free outflowing of soul .
compare veneration .
antonyms :
contemn , detest , dishonor , scoff at , slight , despise , disdain , disregard , scorn , spurn .
* * * * *
veneration .
synonyms :
adoration , awe , dread , reverence .
awe is inspired by that in which there is sublimity or majesty so overwhelming as to awaken a feeling akin to fear ; in awe , considered by itself , there is no element of esteem or affection , tho the sense of vastness , power ,
or grandeur in the object is always present .
dread is a shrinking apprehension or expectation of possible harm awakened by any one of many objects or causes , from that which is overwhelmingly vast and mighty to that which is productive of momentary physical pain ; in its higher uses dread approaches the meaning of
awe , but with more of chilliness and cowering , and without that subjection of soul to the grandeur and worthiness of the object that is involved in awe .
awe is preoccupied with the object that inspires it ; dread with apprehension of personal consequences .
reverence and veneration are less overwhelming than awe or dread , and suggest something of esteem , affection , and personal nearness .
we may feel awe of that which we can not reverence , as a grandly terrible ocean storm ; awe of the divine presence is more distant and less trustful than reverence .
veneration is commonly applied to things which are not subjects of awe .
adoration , in its full sense , is loftier than veneration , less restrained and awed than reverence , and with more of the spirit of direct , active , and joyful worship .
compare esteem ; venerate .
antonyms :
contempt , disdain , dishonor , disregard , scorn .
* * * * *
venial .
synonyms :
excusable , pardonable , slight , trivial .
venial ( l .
venia , pardon ) signifies capable of being pardoned , and , in common use , capable of being readily pardoned , easily overlooked .
aside from its technical ecclesiastical use , venial is always understood as marking some fault comparatively slight or trivial .
a venial offense is one readily overlooked ; a pardonable offense requires more serious consideration , but on deliberation is found to be susceptible of pardon .
excusable is scarcely applied to offenses , but to matters open to doubt or criticism rather than direct censure ; so used , it often falls little short of justifiable ; as , i think , under those circumstances , his action was excusable .
protestants do not recognize the distinction between venial and mortal sins .
venial must not be confounded with the very different word venal .
compare venal .
antonyms :
inexcusable , inexpiable , mortal , unpardonable , unjustifiable .
* * * * *
veracity .
synonyms :
candor , honesty , reality , truthfulness , frankness , ingenuousness , truth , verity .
truth is primarily and verity is always a quality of thought or speech , especially of speech , as in exact conformity to fact .
veracity is properly a quality of a person , the habit of speaking and the disposition to speak the truth ; a habitual liar may on some occasions speak the truth , but that does not constitute him a man of veracity ; on the other hand
, a person of undoubted veracity may state ( through ignorance or misinformation ) what is not the truth .
truthfulness is a quality that may inhere either in a person or in his statements or beliefs .
candor , frankness , honesty , and ingenuousness are allied with veracity , and verity with truth , while truthfulness may accord with either .
truth in a secondary sense may be applied to intellectual action or moral character , in the former case becoming a close synonym of veracity ; as , i know him to be a man of truth .
antonyms :
deceit , duplicity , falsehood , fiction , lie , deception , error , falseness , guile , mendacity , delusion , fabrication , falsity , imposture , untruth .
compare synonyms for deception .
* * * * *
verbal .
synonyms :
literal , oral , vocal .
oral ( l .
os , the mouth ) signifies uttered through the mouth or ( in common phrase ) by word of mouth ; verbal ( l .
verbum , a word ) signifies of , pertaining to , or connected with words , especially with words as distinguished from the ideas they convey ; vocal ( l .
vox , the voice ) signifies of or pertaining to the voice , uttered or modulated by the voice , and especially uttered with or sounding with full , resonant voice ; literal ( l .
litera , a letter ) signifies consisting of or expressed by letters , or according to the letter , in the broader sense of the exact meaning or requirement of the words used ; what is called " the letter of the law " is its literal
meaning without going behind what is expressed by the letters on the page .
thus oral applies to that which is given by spoken words in distinction from that which is written or printed ; as , oral tradition ; an oral examination .
by this rule we should in strictness speak of an oral contract or an oral message , but verbal contract and verbal message , as indicating that which is by spoken rather than by written words , have become so fixed in the language that they can
probably never be changed ; this usage is also in line with other idioms of the language ; as , " i give you my word , " " a true man's word is as good as his bond , " " by word of mouth ,
" etc .
a verbal translation may be oral or written , so that it is word for word ; a literal translation follows the construction and idiom of the original as well as the words ; a literal translation is more than one that is merely verbal ; both
verbal and literal are opposed to free .
in the same sense , of attending to words only , we speak of verbal criticism , a verbal change .
vocal has primary reference to the human voice ; as , vocal sounds , vocal music ; vocal may be applied within certain limits to inarticulate sounds given forth by other animals than man ; as , the woods were vocal with the songs of birds ;
oral is never so applied , but is limited to articulate utterance regarded as having a definite meaning ; as , an oral statement .
* * * * *
victory .
synonyms :
achievement , conquest , success , triumph .
advantage , mastery , supremacy ,
victory is the state resulting from the overcoming of an opponent or opponents in any contest , or from the overcoming of difficulties , obstacles , evils , etc . , considered as opponents or enemies .
in the latter sense any hard - won achievement , advantage , or success may be termed a victory .
in conquest and mastery there is implied a permanence of state that is not implied in victory .
triumph , originally denoting the public rejoicing in honor of a victory , has come to signify also a peculiarly exultant , complete , and glorious victory .
compare conquer .
antonyms :
defeat , disappointment , failure , miscarriage , retreat , destruction , disaster , frustration , overthrow , rout .
* * * * *
vigilant .
synonyms :
alert , cautious , on the lookout , wary , awake , circumspect , sleepless , watchful , careful , on the alert , wakeful , wide - awake .
vigilant implies more sustained activity and more intelligent volition than alert ; one may be habitually alert by reason of native quickness of perception and thought , or one may be momentarily alert under some excitement or expectancy ; one who is vigilant is so with thoughtful
purpose .
one is vigilant against danger or harm ; he may be alert or watchful for good as well as against evil ; he is wary in view of suspected stratagem , trickery , or treachery .
a person may be wakeful because of some merely physical excitement or excitability , as through insomnia ; yet he may be utterly careless and negligent in his wakefulness , the reverse of watchful ; a person who is truly watchful must keep himself wakeful while on
watch , in which case wakeful has something of mental quality .
watchful , from the saxon , and vigilant , from the latin , are almost exact equivalents ; but vigilant has somewhat more of sharp definiteness and somewhat more suggestion of volition ; one may be habitually watchful ; one is vigilant of set purpose and for
direct cause , as in the presence of an enemy .
compare alert .
antonyms :
careless , heedless , inconsiderate , oblivious , drowsy , inattentive , neglectful , thoughtless , dull , incautious , negligent , unwary .
* * * * *
virtue .
synonyms :
chastity , honesty , probity , truth , duty , honor , purity , uprightness , excellence , integrity , rectitude , virtuousness , faithfulness , justice , righteousness , worth , goodness , morality , rightness , worthiness .
virtue ( l .
virtus , primarily manly strength or courage , from vir , a man , a hero ) is , in its full sense , goodness that is victorious through trial , perhaps through temptation and conflict .
goodness , the being morally good , may be much less than virtue , as lacking the strength that comes from trial and conflict , or it may be very much more than virtue , as rising sublimely above the possibility of temptation and conflict - -
the infantile as contrasted with the divine goodness .
virtue is distinctively human ; we do not predicate it of god .
morality is conformity to the moral law in action , whether in matters concerning ourselves or others , whether with or without right principle .
honesty and probity are used especially of one's relations to his fellow men , probity being to honesty much what virtue in some respects is to goodness ; probity is honesty tried and proved , especially in those things that are beyond the reach of legal requirement
; above the commercial sense , honesty may be applied to the highest truthfulness of the soul to and with itself and its maker .
integrity , in the full sense , is moral wholeness without a flaw ; when used , as it often is , of contracts and dealings , it has reference to inherent character and principle , and denotes much more than superficial or conventional honesty .
honor is a lofty honesty that scorns fraud or wrong as base and unworthy of itself .
honor rises far above thought of the motto that " honesty is the best policy . " purity is freedom from all admixture , especially of that which debases ; it is chastity both of heart and life , but of the life because from the heart
.
duty , the rendering of what is due to any person or in any relation , is , in this connection , the fulfilment of moral obligation .
rectitude and righteousness denote conformity to the standard of right , whether in heart or act ; righteousness is used especially in the religious sense .
uprightness refers especially to conduct .
virtuousness is a quality of the soul or of action ; in the latter sense it is the essence of virtuous action .
compare innocent ; justice ; religion .
antonyms :
evil , vice , viciousness , wickedness , wrong .
compare synonyms for sin .
* * * * *
wander .
synonyms :
deviate , diverge , go astray , range , rove , swerve , digress , err , ramble , roam , stray , veer .
to wander ( as .
windan , wind ) is to move in an indefinite or indeterminate way which may or may not be a departure from a prescribed way ; to deviate ( l .
de , from , and via , a way ) is to turn from a prescribed or right way , physically , mentally , or morally , usually in an unfavorable sense ; to diverge ( l .
di , apart , and vergo , incline , tend ) is to turn from a course previously followed or that something else follows , and has no unfavorable implication ; to digress ( l .
di , apart , aside , and gradior , step ) is used only with reference to speaking or writing ; to err is used of intellectual or moral action , and of the moral with primary reference to the intellectual , an error being viewed as
in some degree due to ignorance .
range , roam , and rove imply the traversing of considerable , often of vast , distances of land or sea ; range commonly implies a purpose ; as , cattle range for food ; a hunting - dog ranges a field for game .
roam and rove are often purposeless , and always without definite aim .
to swerve or veer is to turn suddenly from a prescribed or previous course , and often but momentarily ; veer is more capricious and repetitious ; the horse swerves at the flash of a sword ; the wind veers ; the ship veers with the wind
.
to stray is to go in a somewhat purposeless way aside from the regular path or usual limits or abode , usually with unfavorable implication ; cattle stray from their pastures ; an author strays from his subject ; one strays from the path of virtue .
stray is in most uses a lighter word than wander .
ramble , in its literal use , is always a word of pleasant suggestion , but in its figurative use always somewhat contemptuous ; as , rambling talk .
* * * * *
way .
synonyms :
alley , course , lane , path , route , avenue , driveway , pass , pathway , street , bridle - path , highroad , passage , road , thoroughfare , channel , highway , passageway , roadway , track .
wherever there is room for one object to pass another there is a way .
a road ( originally a rideway ) is a prepared way for traveling with horses or vehicles , always the latter unless the contrary is expressly stated ; a way suitable to be traversed only by foot - passengers or by animals is called a path ,
bridle - path , or track ; as , the roads in that country are mere bridle - paths .
a road may be private ; a highway or highroad is public , highway being a specific name for a road legally set apart for the use of the public forever ; a highway may be over water as well as over land .
a route is a line of travel , and may be over many roads .
a street is in some center of habitation , as a city , town , or village ; when it passes between rows of dwellings the country road becomes the village street .
an avenue is a long , broad , and imposing or principal street .
track is a word of wide signification ; we speak of a goat - track on a mountain - side , a railroad - track , a race - track , the track of a comet ; on a traveled road the line worn by regular passing
of hoofs and wheels in either direction is called the track .
a passage is between any two objects or lines of enclosure , a pass commonly between mountains .
a driveway is within enclosed grounds , as of a private residence .
a channel is a waterway .
a thoroughfare is a way through ; a road or street temporarily or permanently closed at any point ceases for such time to be a thoroughfare .
compare air ; direction .
* * * * *
wisdom .
synonyms :
attainment , insight , prudence , depth , judgment , reason , discernment , judiciousness , reasonableness , discretion , knowledge , sagacity , enlightenment , learning , sense , erudition , prescience , skill , foresight , profundity , understanding .
information ,
enlightenment , erudition , information , knowledge , learning , and skill are acquired , as by study or practise .
insight , judgment , profundity or depth , reason , sagacity , sense , and understanding are native qualities of mind , tho capable of increase by cultivation .
the other qualities are on the border - line .
wisdom has been defined as " the right use of knowledge , " or " the use of the most important means for attaining the best ends , " wisdom thus presupposing knowledge for its very existence and exercise .
wisdom is mental power acting upon the materials that fullest knowledge gives in the most effective way .
there may be what is termed " practical wisdom " that looks only to material results ; but in its full sense , wisdom implies the highest and noblest exercise of all the faculties of the moral nature as well as of the intellect .
prudence is a lower and more negative form of the same virtue , respecting outward and practical matters , and largely with a view of avoiding loss and injury ; wisdom transcends prudence , so that while the part of prudence is ordinarily also that of wisdom
, cases arise , as in the exigencies of business or of war , when the highest wisdom is in the disregard of the maxims of prudence .
judgment , the power of forming decisions , especially correct decisions , is broader and more positive than prudence , leading one to do , as readily as to refrain from doing ; but judgment is more limited in range and less exalted in character than wisdom
; to say of one that he displayed good judgment is much less than to say that he manifested wisdom .
skill is far inferior to wisdom , consisting largely in the practical application of acquired knowledge , power , and habitual processes , or in the ingenious contrivance that makes such application possible .
in the making of something perfectly useless there may be great skill , but no wisdom .
compare acumen ; astute ; knowledge ; mind ; prudence ; sagacious ; skilful .
antonyms :
absurdity , folly , imbecility , miscalculation , senselessness , error , foolishness , imprudence , misjudgment , silliness , fatuity , idiocy , indiscretion , nonsense , stupidity .
compare synonyms for absurd ; idiocy .
* * * * *
wit .
synonyms :
banter , fun , joke , waggery , burlesque , humor , playfulness , waggishness , drollery , jest , pleasantry , witticism .
facetiousness , jocularity , raillery ,
wit is the quick perception of unusual or commonly unperceived analogies or relations between things apparently unrelated , and has been said to depend upon a union of surprise and pleasure ; it depends certainly on the production of a diverting , entertaining , or merrymaking surprise
.
the analogies with which wit plays are often superficial or artificial ; humor deals with real analogies of an amusing or entertaining kind , or with traits of character that are seen to have a comical side as soon as brought to view .
wit is keen , sudden , brief , and sometimes severe ; humor is deep , thoughtful , sustained , and always kindly .
pleasantry is lighter and less vivid than wit .
fun denotes the merry results produced by wit and humor , or by any fortuitous occasion of mirth , and is pronounced and often hilarious .
antonyms :
dulness , seriousness , sobriety , solemnity , stolidity , stupidity .
gravity ,
* * * * *
work .
synonyms :
achievement , doing , labor , product , action , drudgery , occupation , production , business , employment , performance , toil .
deed , exertion .
work is the generic term for any continuous application of energy toward an end ; work may be hard or easy .
labor is hard and wearying work ; toil is straining and exhausting work .
work is also used for any result of working , physical or mental , and has special senses , as in mechanics , which labor and toil do not share .
drudgery is plodding , irksome , and often menial work .
compare act ; business .
antonyms :
ease , leisure , recreation , relaxation , repose , rest , vacation .
idleness ,
* * * * *
yet .
synonyms :
besides , further , hitherto , now , still , thus far .
yet and still have many closely related senses , and , with verbs of past time , are often interchangeable ; we may say " while he was yet a child , " or " while he was still a child . " yet , like still
, often applies to past action or state extending to and including the present time , especially when joined with as ; we can say " he is feeble as yet , " or " he is still feeble , " with scarcely appreciable difference of meaning
, except that the former statement implies somewhat more of expectation than the latter .
yet with a negative applies to completed action , often replacing a positive statement with still ; " he is not gone yet " is nearly the same as " he is here still . " yet has a reference to the future which still does not
share ; " we may be successful yet " implies that success may begin at some future time ; " we may be successful still " implies that we may continue to enjoy in the future such success as we are winning now .
* * * * *
youthful .
synonyms :
adolescent , callow , childlike , immature , puerile , boyish , childish , girlish , juvenile , young .
boyish , childish , and girlish are used in a good sense of those to whom they properly belong , but in a bad sense of those from whom more maturity is to be expected ; childish eagerness or glee is pleasing in a child , but
unbecoming in a man ; puerile in modern use is distinctly contemptuous .
juvenile and youthful are commonly used in a favorable and kindly sense in their application to those still young ; youthful in the sense of having the characteristics of youth , hence fresh , vigorous , light - hearted , buoyant , may have a favorable import
as applied to any age , as when we say the old man still retains his youthful ardor , vigor , or hopefulness ; juvenile in such use would belittle the statement .
young is distinctively applied to those in the early stage of life or not arrived at maturity .
compare new .
antonyms :
compare synonyms for old .
suggestions to the teacher .
the following exercises have been prepared expressly and solely to accompany the preceding text in which the distinctions of synonyms have been carefully pointed out .
it is not expected , intended , or desired that the questions should be answered or the blanks in the examples supplied offhand .
in such study nothing can be worse than guesswork .
hence , leading questions have been avoided , and the order of synonyms given in part i .
has frequently been departed from or reversed in part ii .
to secure the study of part i .
before coming into class , pupils should not be allowed to open it during recitation , unless on rare occasions to settle doubtful or disputed points .
the very best method will be found to be to have the examples included in the lesson , with any others that may be added , copied on the blackboard before recitation , and no books brought into class .
the teacher should make a thorough study of the subject , not only mastering what is given in part i . , but going beyond the necessarily brief statements there given , and consulting the ultimate authorities - - the best dictionaries and the works of the
best speakers and writers .
for the latter purpose a good cyclopedia of quotations , like the hoyt , will be found very helpful .
the teacher should so study out the subject as to be distinctly in advance of the class and able to speak authoritatively .
such independent study will be found intensely interesting , and can be made delightful and even fascinating to any intelligent class .
in answer to questions calling for definitive statement , the teacher should insist upon the very words of the text , unless the pupil can give in his own words what is manifestly as good .
this will often be found not easy to do .
definition by synonym should be absolutely forbidden .
reasonable questions should be encouraged , but the class should not be allowed to become a debating society .
the meaning of english words is not a matter of conjecture , and all disputed points should be promptly referred to the dictionary - - usually to be looked up after the recitation , and considered , if need be , at the next recitation .
the majority of them will not need to be referred to again , as the difficulties will simply represent an inferior usage which the dictionary will brush aside .
one great advantage of synonym study is to exterminate colloquialisms .
the class should be encouraged to bring quotations from first - class authors with blanks to be filled , such quotations being held authoritative , though not infallible ; also quotations from the best newspapers , periodicals , speeches , etc . , with words underlined for
criticism , such quotations being held open to revision upon consultation of authorities .
the change of usage , whereby that may be correct to - day which would not have been so at an earlier period , should be carefully noted , but always upon the authority of an approved dictionary .
the examples have been in great part selected from the best literature , and all others carefully prepared for this work .
hence , an appropriate word to fill each blank can always be found by careful study of the corresponding group of synonyms .
in a few instances , either of two words would appropriately fill a blank and yield a good sense .
in such case , either should be accepted as correct , but the resulting difference of meaning should be clearly pointed out .
part ii .
questions and examples .
* * * * *
abandon ( page 1 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what objects or classes of objects does abandon apply ?
abdicate ?
cede ?
quit ?
resign ?
surrender ?
2 .
is abandon used in the favorable or unfavorable sense ?
desert favorable or unfavorable ?
forsake ?
3 .
what does abandon commonly denote of previous relationship ?
forsake ?
examples .
the soldiers - - - - his standard in such numbers that the commander found it necessary to - - - - the enterprise .
france was compelled to - - - - alsace and lorraine to germany .
in the height of his power charles v .
- - - - the throne .
finding resistance vain , the defenders agreed to - - - - the fortress .
to the surprise of his friends , senator conkling suddenly - - - - his office .
at the stroke of the bell , the men instantly - - - - work .
* * * * *
abase ( page 2 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does abase differ from debase ?
humble from humiliate ?
degrade from disgrace ?
examples .
to provide funds , the king resolved to - - - - the coinage .
he came from the scene of his disgrace , haughty and defiant , - - - - but not - - - - .
the officer who had - - - - himself by cowardice was - - - - to the ranks .
only the base in spirit will - - - - themselves before wealth , rank , and power .
the messenger was so - - - - that no heed was paid to his message .
* * * * *
abash ( page 3 ) .
questions .
1 .
what has the effect to make one abashed ?
2 .
how does confuse differ from abash ?
3 .
what do we mean when we say that a person is mortified ?
4 .
give an instance of the use of mortified where abashed could not be substituted .
why could not the words be interchanged ?
5 .
can one be daunted who is not abashed ?
6 .
is embarrass or mortify the stronger word ?
give instances .
examples .
the peasant stood - - - - in the royal presence .
the numerous questions - - - - the witness .
the speaker was - - - - for a moment , but quickly recovered himself .
at the revelation of such depravity , i was utterly - - - - .
when sensible of his error , the visitor was deeply - - - - .
* * * * *
abbreviation ( page 4 ) .
questions .
1 .
is an abbreviation always a contraction ?
2 .
is a contraction always an abbreviation ?
give instances .
3 .
can we have an abbreviation of a book , paragraph , or sentence ?
what can be abbreviated ?
and what abridged ?
examples .
the treatise was already so brief that it did not admit of - - - - .
the - - - - dr .
is used both for doctor and debtor .
f .
r .
s .
is an - - - - of the title " fellow of the royal society . "
* * * * *
abet ( page 4 ) .
questions .
1 .
abet , incite , instigate : which of these words are used in a good and which in a bad sense ?
2 .
how does abet differ from incite and instigate as to the time of the action ?
3 .
which of the three words apply to persons and which to actions ?
give instances of the use of abet ; instigate ; incite .
examples .
to further his own schemes , he - - - - the viceroy to rebel against the king .
to - - - - a crime may be worse than to originate it , as arguing less excitement and more calculation and cowardice .
the prosecution was evidently malicious , - - - - by envy and revenge .
and you that do - - - - him in this kind cherish rebellion , and are rebels all .
* * * * *
abhor ( page 5 ) .
questions .
1 .
which is the stronger word , abhor or despise ?
2 .
what does abhor denote ?
3 .
how does archbishop trench illustrate the difference between abhor and shun ?
4 .
what does detest express ?
5 .
what does loathe imply ?
is it physical or moral in its application ?
6 .
give illustrations of the appropriate uses of the above words .
examples .
he had sunk to such degradation as to be utterly - - - - by all good men .
such weakness can only be - - - - .
talebearers and backbiters are everywhere - - - - .
- - - - that which is evil ; cleave to that which is good .
* * * * *
abide ( page 5 ) .
questions .
1 .
what limit of time is expressed by abide ?
by lodge ?
by live , dwell , reside ?
2 .
what is the meaning of sojourn ?
3 .
should we say one is stopping or staying at a hotel ?
and why ?
4 .
give examples of the extended , and of the limited use of abide .
examples .
one generation passeth away and another generation cometh , but the earth - - - - forever .
and there were in the same country shepherds - - - - in the field , keeping watch over their flock by night .
so great was the crowd of visitors that many were compelled to - - - - in the neighboring villages .
he is - - - - at the albemarle .
he has - - - - for forty years in the same house .
by faith he - - - - in the land of promise , as in a strange country .
* * * * *
abolish ( page 6 ) .
questions .
1 .
is abolish used of persons or material objects ?
2 .
of what is it used ?
give examples .
3 .
what does annihilate signify ?
is it stronger or weaker than abolish ?
4 .
what terms do we use for doing away with laws , and how do those terms differ among themselves ?
5 .
what are the differences between overthrow , suppress , and subvert ?
especially between the last two of those words ?
6 .
how does prohibit differ from abolish ?
7 .
what word do we especially use of putting an end to a nuisance ?
8 .
what other words of this class are especially referred to ?
9 .
give some antonyms of abolish .
examples .
the one great endeavor of buddhism is to - - - - sorrow .
modern science seems to show conclusively that matter is never - - - - .
the law , which had long been - - - - by the revolutionists , was at last - - - - by the legislature .
the ancient statute was found to have been - - - - by later enactments , though never formally - - - - .
the supreme court - - - - the adverse decision of the inferior tribunal .
even in a republic , sedition should be promptly - - - - , or it may result in the - - - - of free institutions .
from the original settlement of vineland , new jersey , the sale of intoxicating liquor has been - - - - .
* * * * *
abomination ( page 7 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what was abomination originally applied ?
2 .
does it refer to a state of mind or to some act or other object of thought ?
3 .
how does abomination differ from aversion or disgust ?
4 .
how does an abomination differ from an offense ?
from crime in general ?
examples .
after the ship began to pitch and roll , we could not look upon food without - - - - .
it is time that such a - - - - should be abated .
capital punishment was formerly inflicted in england for trivial - - - - .
in spite of their high attainments in learning and art , the foulest - - - - were prevalent among the greeks and romans of classic antiquity .
* * * * *
abridgment ( page 7 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does an abridgment differ from an outline or a synopsis ?
from an abstract or digest ?
2 .
how does an abstract or digest differ from an outline or a synopsis ?
3 .
does an analysis of a treatise deal with what is expressed , or with what is implied ?
4 .
what words may we use to express a condensed view of a subject , whether derived from a previous publication or not ?
examples .
the new testament may be regarded as an - - - - of religion .
there are several excellent - - - - of english literature .
an - - - - of the decision of the court was published in all the leading papers .
the publishers determined to issue an - - - - of their dictionary .
such - - - - as u .
s .
for united states should be rarely used , unless in hasty writing or technical works .
* * * * *
absolute ( page 8 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does absolute in the strict sense denote ?
supreme ?
2 .
to what are these words in such sense properly applied ?
3 .
how are they used in a modified sense ?
4 .
is arbitrary ever used in a good sense ?
what is the chief use ?
give examples .
5 .
how does autocratic differ from arbitrary ?
both these words from despotic ?
despotic from tyrannical ?
6 .
is irresponsible good or bad in its implication ?
arbitrary ?
imperative ?
imperious ?
peremptory ?
positive ?
authoritative ?
examples .
god alone is - - - - and - - - - .
the czar of russia is an - - - - ruler .
- - - - power tends always to be - - - - in its exercise .
on all questions of law in the united states the decision of the - - - - court is - - - - and final .
learning of the attack on our seamen , the government sent an - - - - demand for apology and indemnity .
man's - - - - will and - - - - intellect have given him dominion over all other creatures on the earth , so that they are either subjugated or exterminated .
* * * * *
absolve ( page 9 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the original sense of absolve ?
2 .
to what does it apply ?
3 .
what is its special sense when used with reference to sins ?
4 .
how does it differ from acquit ?
forgive ?
justify ?
pardon ?
5 .
what are the chief antonyms of absolve ?
examples .
no power under heaven can - - - - a man from his personal responsibility .
when the facts were known , he was - - - - of all blame .
* * * * *
absorb ( page 9 ) .
questions .
1 .
when is a fluid said to be absorbed ?
2 .
is the substance of the absorbing body changed by that which it absorbs ?
give instances .
3 .
how does consume differ from absorb ?
4 .
give instances of the distinctive uses of engross , swallow , imbibe , and absorb in the figurative sense .
5 .
what is the difference between absorb and emit ?
absorb and radiate ?
examples .
tho the fuel was rapidly - - - - within the furnace , very little heat was - - - - from the outer surface .
in setting steel rails special provision must be made for their expansion under the influence of the heat that they - - - - .
jip stood on the table and barked at traddles so persistently that he may be said to have - - - - the conversation .
* * * * *
abstinence ( page 10 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does abstinence differ from abstemiousness ?
from self - denial ?
2 .
what is temperance regarding things lawful and worthy ?
regarding things vicious and injurious ?
3 .
what is the more exact term for the proper course regarding evil indulgences ?
examples .
he was so moderate in his desires that his - - - - seemed to cost him no - - - - .
among the anglo - saxons the idea of universal and total - - - - from all intoxicants is little more than a century old .
* * * * *
abstract , v . ; abstracted ( page 10 , 11 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the difference between abstract and separate ?
between discriminate and distinguish ? [ c ] 2 .
how does abstract , when said of the mind , differ from divert ?
from distract ?
3 .
how do abstracted , absorbed , and preoccupied differ from absent - minded ?
4 .
can one who is preoccupied be said to be listless or thoughtless ?
one who is absent - minded ?
examples .
he was so - - - - with these perplexities as to be completely - - - - of his surroundings .
the busy student may be excused if - - - - ; in the merely - - - - or - - - - it is intolerable .
the power to - - - - one idea from all its associations and view it alone is the - - - - mark of a philosophical mind .
numerous interruptions in the midst of - - - - occupations had made him almost - - - - .
[ c ] note .
see these words under discern as referred to at the end of the paragraph on abstract in part i .
the pupil should be instructed , in all cases , to look up and read over the synonyms referred to by the words in small capitals at the end of the paragraph in part i .
* * * * *
absurd ( page 11 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the difference between absurd and paradoxical ?
2 .
what are the distinctions between irrational , foolish , and silly ?
3 .
what is the especial implication in unreasonable ?
4 .
how do monstrous and preposterous compare with absurd ?
5 .
what is the especial element common to the ludicrous , the ridiculous , and the nonsensical ?
6 .
what are some chief antonyms of absurd ?
examples .
a statement may be disproved by deducing logically from it a conclusion that is - - - - .
carlyle delighted in - - - - utterances .
the - - - - hatred of the jews in the middle ages led the populace to believe the most - - - - slanders concerning them .
i attempted to dissuade him from the - - - - plan , but found him altogether - - - - ; many of his arguments were so - - - - as to be positively - - - - .
* * * * *
abuse ( page 12 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what does abuse apply ?
2 .
how does abuse differ from damage ( as in the case of rented property , e .
g . ) ?
3 .
how does abuse differ from harm ?
4 .
what words of this group are used in a bad sense ?
5 .
is reproach good or bad ?
6 .
how do persecute and oppress differ ?
7 .
do misemploy , misuse , and pervert apply to persons or things ?
to which does abuse apply ?
examples .
the tenant shall not - - - - the property beyond reasonable wear .
- - - - intellectual gifts make the dangerous villain .
in his rage he began to - - - - and - - - - all who had formerly been his friends .
to be - - - - for doing right can never really - - - - a true man .
in no way has man - - - - his fellow man more cruelly than by - - - - him for his religious belief .
* * * * *
accessory , n .
( page 13 ) .
questions .
1 .
which words of this group are used in a good , and which in a bad sense ?
2 .
which are indifferently either good or bad ?
3 .
to what does ally generally apply ?
colleague ?
4 .
how does an associate compare in rank with a principal ?
5 .
is assistant or attendant the higher word ?
how do both these words compare with associate ?
6 .
in what sense are follower , henchman , and retainer used ?
partner ?
7 .
what is the legal distinction between abettor and accessory ?
8 .
to what is accomplice nearly equivalent ?
which is the preferred legal term ?
examples .
the senator differed with his - - - - in this matter .
the baron rode into town with a great array of armed - - - - .
france and russia seem to have become firm - - - - .
the - - - - called to the - - - - for a fresh bandage .
all persons , but especially the young , should take the greatest care in the choice of their - - - - .
as he was not present at the actual commission of the crime , he was held to be only an - - - - and not an - - - - .
* * * * *
accident ( page 14 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the difference between accident and chance ?
2 .
how does incident differ from both ?
3 .
what is the special significance of fortune ?
4 .
how does it differ in usage from chance ?
5 .
how are accident , misadventure , and mishap distinguished ?
examples .
gambling clings almost inseparably to games of - - - - .
bruises and contusions are regarded as ordinary - - - - of the cavalry service .
the prudent man is careful not to tempt - - - - too far .
the misplacement of the switch caused a terrible - - - - .
great thoughts and high purposes keep one from being greatly disturbed by the little - - - - of daily life .
* * * * *
acquaintance ( page 15 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does acquaintance between persons imply ?
2 .
how does acquaintance differ from companionship ?
acquaintance from friendship ?
from intimacy ?
3 .
how does fellowship differ from friendship ?
examples .
a public speaker becomes known to many persons whom he does not know , but who are ready promptly to claim - - - - with him .
the - - - - of life must bring us into - - - - with many who can not be admitted within the inner circle of - - - - .
the - - - - of school and college life often develop into the most beautiful and enduring - - - - .
between those most widely separated by distance of place and time , by language , station , occupation , and creed , there may yet be true - - - - of soul .
* * * * *
acrimony ( page 15 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does acerbity differ from asperity ?
asperity from acrimony ?
2 .
how is acrimony distinguished from malignity ?
malignity from virulence ?
3 .
what is implied in the use of the word severity ?
examples .
a certain - - - - of speech had become habitual with him .
to this ill - timed request , he answered with sudden - - - - .
a constant sense of injustice may deepen into a settled - - - - .
this smooth and pleasing address veiled a deep - - - - .
great - - - - will be patiently borne if the sufferer is convinced of its essential justice .
* * * * *
act ( page 16 ) .
questions .
1 .
how is act distinguished from action ?
from deed ?
2 .
which of the words in this group necessarily imply an external effect ?
which may be wholly mental ?
examples .
he who does the truth will need no instruction as to individual - - - - s .
- - - - is the truth of thought .
the - - - - is done .
* * * * *
active ( page 17 ) .
questions .
1 .
with what two sets of words is active allied ?
2 .
how does active differ from busy ?
from industrious ?
3 .
how do active and restless compare ?
4 .
to what sort of activity does officious refer ?
6 .
what are some chief antonyms of active ?
examples .
being of an - - - - disposition and without settled purpose or definite occupation , she became - - - - as a hornet .
he had his - - - - days and hours , but could never be properly said to be - - - - .
an - - - - attendant instantly seized upon my baggage .
the true student is - - - - from the mere love of learning , independently of its rewards .
* * * * *
acumen ( page 18 ) .
questions .
1 .
how do sharpness , acuteness , penetration , and insight compare with acumen ?
2 .
what is the special characteristic of acumen ?
to what order of mind does it belong ?
3 .
what is sagacity ?
is it attributed to men or brutes ?
4 .
what is perspicacity ?
5 .
what is shrewdness ?
is it ordinarily good or evil ?
6 .
give illustrations of the uses of the above words as regards the possessors of the corresponding qualities .
examples .
the treatise displays great critical - - - - .
the indians had developed a practical - - - - that enabled them to follow a trail by scarcely perceptible signs almost as unerringly as the hound by scent .
* * * * *
add ( page 18 ) .
questions .
1 .
how is add related to increase ?
how does it differ from multiply ?
2 .
what does augment signify ?
of what is it ordinarily used ?
3 .
to what does amplify apply ?
4 .
in what ways may a discourse or treatise be amplified ?
examples .
care to our coffin - - - - a nail no doubt ; and every grin , so merry , draws one out .
- - - - up at night , what thou hast done by day ; and in the morning what thou hast to do .
* * * * *
address , v .
( page 19 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does accost always signify ?
greet ?
hail ?
2 .
how does salute differ from accost or greet ?
address ?
3 .
what is it to apostrophize ?
examples .
the pale snowdrop is springing to - - - - the glowing sun .
- - - - to the chief who in triumph advances .
his faithful dog - - - - the smiling guest .
- - - - ye heroes !
heaven - born band !
who fought and died in freedom's cause .
* * * * *
address , n .
( page 20 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is address in the sense here considered ?
2 .
what is tact ?
3 .
what qualities are included in address ?
examples .
and the tear that is wiped with a little - - - - may be follow'd perhaps by a smile .
the - - - - of doing doth expresse no other but the doer's willingnesse .
i have very poor and unhappy brains for drinking ; i could wish - - - - would invent some other custom of entertainment .
* * * * *
adequate ( page 21 ) .
questions .
1 .
what do adequate , commensurate , and sufficient alike signify ?
how does commensurate specifically differ from the other two words ?
give examples .
2 .
to what do adapted , fit , suitable , and qualified refer ?
3 .
is satisfactory a very high recommendation of any work ?
why ?
4 .
is able or capable the higher word ?
illustrate .
examples .
we know not of what we are - - - - till the trial comes .
indeed , left nothing - - - - for your purpose untouched , slightly handled , in discourse .
* * * * *
adherent ( page 21 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is an adherent ?
2 .
how does an adherent differ from a supporter ?
from a disciple ?
3 .
how do both the above words differ from ally ?
4 .
has partisan a good or a bad sense , and why ?
5 .
is it well to speak of a supporter as a backer ?
examples .
also of your own selves shall men arise speaking perverse things to draw away - - - - s after them .
woman is woman's natural - - - - .
self - defense compelled the european nations to be - - - - s against napoleon .
the deposed monarch was found to have a strong body of - - - - s .
* * * * *
adjacent ( page 22 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the difference between adjacent and adjoining ?
contiguous ?
conterminous ?
2 .
what distance is implied in near ?
neighboring ?
3 .
what does next always imply ?
4 .
give antonyms of adjacent ; near .
examples .
stronger by weakness , wiser men become , as they draw - - - - to their eternal home .
* * * * *
admire ( page 23 ) .
questions .
1 .
in what sense was admire formerly used ?
what does it now express ?
2 .
how does admire compare with revere ?
venerate ?
adore ?
give instances of the use of these words .
examples .
the beautiful are sure to be - - - - .
henceforth the majesty of god - - - - ; fear him , and you have nothing else to fear .
i value science - - none can prize it more , it gives ten thousand motives to - - - - : be it religious , as it ought to be , the heart it humbles , and it bows the knee .
* * * * *
adorn ( page 23 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does adorn differ from ornament ?
from garnish ?
from deck or bedeck ?
from decorate ?
examples .
at church , with meek and unaffected grace , his looks - - - - the venerable place .
the red breast oft , at evening hours , shall kindly lend his little aid , with hoary moss , and gathered flowers , to - - - - the ground where thou art laid .
* * * * *
affront ( page 24 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to affront ?
2 .
how does affront compare with insult ?
with tease ?
annoy ?
examples .
it is safer to - - - - some people than to oblige them ; for the better a man deserves , the worse they will speak of him .
oh , rather give me commentators plain , who with no deep researches - - - - the brain .
the petty desire to - - - - is simply a perversion of the human love of power .
they rushed to meet the - - - - foe .
* * * * *
agent ( page 24 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does agent in the philosophical sense compare with mover or doer ?
2 .
what different sense has it in business usage ?
examples .
that morality may mean anything , man must be held to be a free - - - - .
the - - - - declined to take the responsibility in the absence of the owner .
* * * * *
agree ( page 25 ) .
questions .
1 .
how do concur and coincide differ in range of meaning ?
how with reference to expression in action ?
2 .
how does accede compare with consent ?
3 .
which is the most general word of this group ?
examples .
a woman's lot is made for her by the love she - - - - .
my poverty , but not my will , - - - - .
* * * * *
agriculture ( page 25 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does agriculture include ?
how does it differ from farming ?
2 .
what is gardening ?
floriculture ?
horticulture ?
examples .
loan oft loses both itself and friend ; and borrowing dulls the edge of - - - - .
a field becomes exhausted by constant - - - - .
* * * * *
aim ( page 26 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is an aim ?
how does it differ from mark ?
from goal ?
2 .
how do end and object compare ?
3 .
to what does aspiration apply ?
how does it differ in general from design , endeavor , or purpose ?
4 .
how does purpose compare with intention ?
5 .
what is design ?
examples .
in deeds of daring rectitude , in scorn for miserable - - - - that end with self .
o yet we trust that somehow good will be the final - - - - of ill .
how quickly nature falls into revolt , when gold becomes her - - - - .
it is not - - - - , but ambition that is the mother of misery in man .
* * * * *
air ( page 27 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is air in the sense here considered ?
2 .
how does air differ from appearance ?
3 .
what is the difference between expression and look ?
4 .
what is the sense of bearing ?
carriage ?
5 .
how does mien differ from air ?
6 .
what does demeanor include ?
examples .
i never , with important - - - - , in conversation overbear .
vice is a monster of so frightful - - - - , as , to be hated , needs but to be seen .
grief fills the room up of my absent child , lies in his bed , walks up and down with me , puts on his pretty - - - - , repeats his words .
* * * * *
airy ( page 27 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does airy agree with and differ from aerial ?
give instances of the uses of the two words .
2 .
what does ethereal signify ?
sprightly ?
3 .
are lively and animated used in the favorable or unfavorable sense ?
examples .
- - - - tongues that syllable men's names , on sands and shores and desert wildernesses .
the - - - - mold incapable of stain , would soon expel her mischief , and purge off the baser fire , victorious .
society became my glittering bride , and - - - - hopes my children .
soft o'er the shrouds - - - - whispers breathe , that seemed but zephyrs to the train beneath .
* * * * *
alarm ( page 28 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the derivation and distinctive meaning of alarm ?
2 .
what do affright and fright express ?
give an illustration of the contrasted terms .
3 .
how are apprehension , disquietude , dread , and misgiving related to the danger that excites them ?
4 .
what are consternation , dismay , and terror , and how are they related to the danger ?
5 .
what is timidity ?
* * * * *
alert ( page 28 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what do alert , wide - awake , and ready refer ?
2 .
how does ready differ from alert ?
from prepared ?
3 .
what does prompt signify ?
4 .
what is the secondary meaning of alert ?
examples .
to be - - - - for war is one of the most effectual ways of preserving peace .
he who is not - - - - to - day will be less so to - morrow .
thus ending loudly , as he would o'erleap his destiny , - - - - he stood .
* * * * *
alien , a .
& n .
( page 29 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does alien differ from foreign ?
2 .
is a foreigner by birth necessarily an alien ?
3 .
are the people of one country while residing in their own land foreigners or aliens to the people of other lands ?
4 .
how can one residing in a foreign country cease to be an alien in that country ?
5 .
how do foreign and alien differ in their figurative use ?
examples .
by - - - - hands thy dying eyes were closed .
.
.
by - - - - hands thy humble grave adorned by strangers honored and by strangers mourned .
what is religion ?
not a - - - - inhabitant , nor something - - - - to our nature , which comes and takes up its abode in the soul .
- - - - from the commonwealth of israel and - - - - from the covenants of promise .
* * * * *
alike ( page 30 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does alike compare with similar ?
with identical ?
2 .
what is the distinction often made between equal and equivalent ?
3 .
what is the sense of analogous ?
( compare synonyms for analogy . ) 4 .
in what sense is homogeneous used ?
examples .
sometimes gentle , sometimes capricious , sometimes awful ; never the - - - - for two moments together .
fashioned for himself , a bride ; an - - - - , taken from his side .
* * * * *
allay ( page 31 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the distinction between allay and alleviate ?
which word implies a partial removal of the cause of suffering , or an actual lightening of the burden ?
2 .
with which of the above words are we to class appease , pacify , soothe , and the like ?
3 .
with what words is alleviate especially to be grouped ?
( see synonyms for alleviate . )
examples .
such songs have power to - - - - the restless pulse of care , and come like the benediction that follows after prayer .
many a word , at random spoken may - - - - or wound a heart that's broken !
* * * * *
allege ( page 31 ) .
questions .
1 .
which is the primary and which the secondary word , allege or adduce ?
why ?
2 .
how much of certainty is implied in allege ?
3 .
how much does one admit when he speaks of an alleged fact , document , signature , or the like ?
examples .
in many - - - - cases of haunted houses , the spirits have not ventured to face an armed man who has passed the night there .
i can not - - - - one thing and mean another .
if i can't pray i will not make believe !
* * * * *
allegory ( page 33 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does allegory compare with simile ?
simile with metaphor ?
2 .
what are the distinctions between allegory , fable , and parable ?
3 .
under what general term are all these included ?
4 .
to what is fiction now most commonly applied ?
examples .
in argument - - - - are like songs in love : they much describe ; they nothing prove .
and he spake many things unto them in - - - - , saying , behold a sower went forth to sow .
* * * * *
alleviate ( page 33 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does alleviate differ from relieve ?
from remove ?
2 .
is alleviate used of persons ?
3 .
what are the special significations of abate ?
assuage ?
mitigate ?
moderate ?
4 .
how does alleviate compare with allay ?
( compare synonyms for allay . )
examples .
to pity distress is but human ; to - - - - it is godlike .
but , o !
what mighty magician can - - - - a woman's envy ?
* * * * *
alliance ( page 34 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is an alliance ?
how does it differ from partnership ?
from coalition ?
from league ?
2 .
how does a confederacy or federation differ from a union ?
examples .
the two nations formed an offensive and defensive - - - - against the common enemy .
till the war - drum throbbed no longer , and the battle - flags were furled , in the parliament of man , the - - - - of the world .
business - - - - are the warrant for the existence of trade - - - - .
* * * * *
allot ( page 34 ) .
questions .
1 .
does allot refer to time , place , or person ?
2 .
to what does appoint refer ?
assign ?
3 .
how does destine differ from appoint ?
4 .
how does award differ from allot , appoint , and assign ?
examples .
man hath his daily work of body or mind - - - - .
he - - - - eth the moon for seasons ; the sun knoweth his going down .
the king is but as the hind . . .
who may not wander from the - - - - field before his work be done .
* * * * *
allow ( page 35 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the difference between allow and permit ?
between a permit and permission ?
2 .
what instances can you give of the use of these words , also of tolerate and submit ?
3 .
what does yield imply ?
examples .
frederick - - - - the austrians to cross the mountains that he might attack them on a field of his own choosing .
the cruelty and envy of the people - - - - by our dastard nobles , who have all forsook me , hath devoured the rest .
state churches have ever been unwilling to - - - - dissent .
* * * * *
allude ( page 36 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the distinctive sense of allude ?
of advert ?
of refer ?
2 .
how do the above words compare with mention as to explicitness ?
3 .
how do hint and insinuate differ ?
examples .
late in the eighteenth century cowper did not venture to do more than - - - - to the great allegorist [ bunyan ] , saying :
" i name thee not , lest so despised a name should move a sneer at thy deserved fame . "
* * * * *
allure ( page 37 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to allure ?
2 .
how does allure differ from attract ?
from lure ?
3 .
what does coax express ?
4 .
what is it to cajole ?
to decoy ?
to inveigle ?
5 .
how does seduce differ from tempt ?
6 .
is win used in the favorable or unfavorable sense ?
examples .
the ruddy square of comfortable light - - - - him , as the beacon blaze - - - - the bird of passage .
but satan now is wiser than of yore , and - - - - by making rich , not making poor .
he had a strange gift of - - - - friends , and of - - - - the love of women .
* * * * *
also ( page 37 ) .
questions .
1 .
into what two groups are the synonyms for also naturally divided ?
2 .
which words simply add a fact or thought ?
3 .
which distinctly imply that what is added is like that to which it is added ?
examples .
thine to work - - - - to pray , clearing thorny wrongs away ; plucking up the weeds of sin , letting heaven's warm sunshine in .
* * * * *
alternative ( page 38 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the difference between choice and alternative in the strict use of language ?
2 .
is alternative always so severely restricted by leading writers ?
3 .
what do choice , pick , election , and preference imply regarding one's wishes ?
alternative ?
resources ?
examples .
homer delights to call ulysses " the man of many - - - - . "
* * * * *
amass ( page 38 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to amass ?
2 .
how is amass distinguished from accumulate ?
3 .
is interest amassed or accumulated ?
4 .
how does hoard differ from store ?
examples .
by daring and successful speculation , he - - - - a prodigious fortune .
the sum was the - - - - savings of an industrious and frugal life .
o , to what purpose dost thou - - - - thy words , that thou return'st no greeting to thy friends ?
* * * * *
amateur ( page 39 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the difference between amateur and connoisseur ?
between connoisseur and critic ?
2 .
which word carries a natural implication of superficialness ?
3 .
how do novice and tyro differ from amateur ?
examples .
he was in logic a great - - - - profoundly skill'd in analytic ; he could distinguish , and divide a hair ' twixt south and south - west side .
the greatest works in poetry , painting , and sculpture have not been done by - - - - .
the mere - - - - who produces nothing , and whose business is only to judge and enjoy .
* * * * *
amazement ( page 39 ) .
questions .
1 .
what do amazement and astonishment agree in expressing ?
2 .
how do the two words differ ?
3 .
what is the meaning of awe ?
of admiration ?
4 .
how does surprise differ from astonishment and amazement ?
5 .
what are the characteristics of wonder ?
examples .
' twas while he toiled him to be freed , and with the rein to raise the steed , that , from - - - - ' s iron trance , all wycklif's soldiers waked at once .
can such things be , and overcome us like a summer's cloud , without our special - - - - ?
the fool of nature stood with stupid eyes and gaping mouth that testified - - - - .
* * * * *
ambition ( page 40 ) .
questions .
1 .
what two senses has ambition ?
2 .
how does ambition differ from aspiration ?
which is the higher word ?
3 .
what is the distinctive sense of emulation ?
4 .
has emulation a good side ?
how does it compare with aspiration ?
examples .
cromwell , i charge thee , fling away - - - - by that sin , fell the angels .
envy , to which th ' ignoble mind's a slave , is - - - - in the learn'd or brave .
i have no spur to prick the sides of my intent , but only vaulting - - - - .
* * * * *
amend ( page 41 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to amend ?
2 .
how do advance , better , and improve differ from amend ?
3 .
are these words applied to matters decidedly bad , foul , or evil ?
4 .
what is the difference between amend and emend ?
examples .
return ye now every man from his evil way , and - - - - your doings .
the construction here is difficult , and the text at this point has been variously - - - - .
human characters and conditions never reach such perfection that they can not be - - - - .
* * * * *
amiable ( page 42 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what does lovely often apply ?
2 .
to what does amiable always apply ?
3 .
how do agreeable , attractive , and charming differ from amiable ?
give examples .
4 .
is a good - natured person necessarily agreeable ?
an amiable person ?
examples .
his life was - - - - ; and the elements so mixed in him , that nature might stand up and say to all the world , this was a man !
the east is blossoming !
yea a rose , vast as the heavens , soft as a kiss , - - - - as the presence of woman is .
* * * * *
analogy ( page 43 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the specific meaning of analogy ?
2 .
what is affinity ?
coincidence ?
3 .
does coincidence necessarily involve resemblance or likeness ?
4 .
what is parity of reasoning ?
5 .
what is a similitude ?
6 .
how do resemblance and similarity differ from analogy ?
examples .
the two boys bore a close - - - - to each other .
it is not difficult to trace the - - - - of the home to the state .
* * * * *
anger ( page 44 ) .
questions .
1 .
what are the especial characteristics of anger ?
how does it differ from indignation ?
exasperation ?
rage ?
wrath ?
ire ?
examples .
my enemy has long borne me a feeling of - - - - .
christ was filled with - - - - at the hypocrisy of the jews .
i was overcome by a sudden feeling of - - - - .
* * * * *
animal ( page 45 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is an animal ?
a brute ?
a beast ?
2 .
is man an animal ?
3 .
what is implied if we speak of any particular man as an animal ?
a brute ?
a beast ?
4 .
what forms of existence does the word creature include ?
5 .
what are the animals of a country or region collectively called ?
examples .
it is only within the last half century that societies have been organized for the prevention of cruelty to - - - - .
o that men should put an enemy in their mouths to steal away their brains !
that we should with joy , pleasance , revel , and applause , transform ourselves into - - - - !
take a - - - - out of his instinct , and you find him wholly deprived of understanding .
spurning manhood and its joys to loot , to be a lawless , lazy , sensual - - - - .
* * * * *
announce ( page 46 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to announce ?
2 .
does it apply chiefly to the past or the future ?
3 .
to what is advertise chiefly applied ?
propound ?
promulgate ?
publish ?
examples .
the sphinx - - - - its riddles with life and death depending on the answer .
through the rare felicity of the times you are permitted to think what you please and to - - - - what you please .
the songs of birds and the wild flowers in the woodlands - - - - the coming of spring .
* * * * *
answer ( page 46 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a verbal answer ?
2 .
in what wider sense is answer used ?
3 .
what is a reply ?
a rejoinder ?
4 .
how does an answer to a charge , an argument , or the like , differ from a reply or rejoinder ?
5 .
what is the special quality of a response ?
6 .
what is a retort ?
how does it differ from repartee ?
examples .
i can no other - - - - make , but thanks .
theirs not to make - - - - theirs not to reason why , theirs but to do and die .
upon thy princely warrant i descend , to give thee - - - - of thy just demand .
he could not be content without finding a - - - - in nature to every mood of his mind ; and he does find it .
a man renowned for - - - - will seldom scruple to make free with friendship's honest feeling .
nothing is so easy and inviting as the - - - - of abuse and sarcasm ; but it is a paltry and unprofitable contest .
* * * * *
anticipate , anticipation ( page 47 ) .
questions .
1 .
what are the two contrasted senses of anticipate ?
2 .
which is now the more common ?
3 .
how does anticipate differ from expect ?
from hope ?
from apprehend ?
4 .
how does anticipation differ from presentiment ?
from apprehension ?
from foreboding ?
5 .
what special element is involved in foretaste ?
how do foresight and forethought go beyond the meaning of anticipation ?
examples .
then some leaped overboard with fearful yell , as eager to - - - - their grave .
england - - - - every man to do his duty .
these are portents ; but yet i - - - - , i hope , they do not point on me .
if i know your sect , i - - - - your argument .
the happy - - - - of a renewed existence in company with the spirits of the just .
* * * * *
antipathy ( page 48 ) .
questions .
1 .
how is antipathy to be distinguished from dislike ?
from antagonism ?
from aversion ?
2 .
what is uncongeniality ?
how does it differ from antipathy ?
which is positive ?
and which negative ?
examples .
christianity is the solvent of all race - - - - .
from my soul i loathe all affectation ; ' tis my perfect scorn , object of my implacable - - - - .
* * * * *
antique ( page 48 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what does antique refer ?
antiquated ?
2 .
is the difference between them a matter of time ?
give examples .
3 .
can a modern building be antiquated ?
can it be antique ?
4 .
what is the significance of quaint ?
examples .
my copper lamps , at any rate , for being true - - - - , i bought .
i do love these - - - - ruins , we never tread upon them but we set our foot upon some reverend history .
* * * * *
anxiety ( page 49 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is anxiety in the primary sense ?
is it mental or physical ?
2 .
how does anxiety differ from anguish ?
3 .
what kind of possibility does anxiety always suggest ?
4 .
how does it differ from apprehension , fear , dread , etc . , in this regard ?
5 .
what is worry ?
fretfulness ?
6 .
does perplexity involve anxiety ?
examples .
yield not to - - - - the future , weep not for the past .
superstition invested the slightest incidents of life with needless - - - - .
- - - - is harder than work , and far less profitable .
* * * * *
apathy ( page 50 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is apathy ?
2 .
how does it differ from the saxon word unfeelingness ?
from indifference ?
from insensibility ?
from unconcern ?
3 .
how does stoicism differ from apathy ?
examples .
in lazy - - - - let stoics boast their virtue fixed : ' tis fixed as in a frost .
at length the morn and cold - - - - came .
he sank into a - - - - from which it was impossible to arouse him .
* * * * *
apology ( page 51 ) .
questions .
1 .
what change of meaning has apology undergone ?
2 .
what does an apology now always imply ?
3 .
how does an apology differ from an excuse ?
4 .
which of these words may refer to the future ?
5 .
how does confession differ from apology ?
examples .
- - - - only account for that which they do not alter .
beauty is its own - - - - for being .
there is no refuge from - - - - but suicide ; and suicide is - - - - .
* * * * *
apparent ( page 52 ) .
questions .
1 .
what two contrasted senses arise from the root meaning of apparent ?
2 .
what is implied when we speak of apparent kindness or apparent neglect ?
3 .
how do presumable and probable differ ?
4 .
what implication is conveyed in seeming ?
what do we suggest when we speak of " seeming innocence " ?
examples .
it is not - - - - that the students will attempt to break the rules again .
it is not yet - - - - what his motive could have been in committing such an offense .
it is - - - - that something has been omitted which was essential to complete the construction .
* * * * *
appetite ( page 54 ) .
questions .
1 .
of what kind of demands or impulses is appetite ordinarily used ?
2 .
what demands or tendencies are included in passion ?
3 .
what is implied by passions and appetites when used as contrasted terms ?
examples .
govern well thy - - - - , lest sin surprise thee , and her black attendant death .
take heed lest - - - - sway thy judgment to do aught which else free will would not admit .
* * * * *
apportion ( page 54 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the special significance of apportion by which it is distinguished from allot , assign , distribute , or divide ?
2 .
what is the significance of dispense in the transitive use ?
3 .
what is it to appropriate ?
examples .
representatives are - - - - among the several states according to the population .
the treasure was - - - - and their shares duly - - - - among the captors .
* * * * *
approximation ( page 55 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is an approximation in the mathematical sense ?
2 .
how close an approach to exactness and certainty does approximation imply ?
3 .
how does approximation differ from resemblance and similarity ?
from approach ?
4 .
how does approximation , as regards the class of objects to which it is applied , differ from nearness , neighborhood , or propinquity ?
examples .
we have to be content with - - - - to a solution .
without faith , there is no real - - - - to god .
wit consists in knowing the - - - - of things which differ , and the difference of things which are alike .
* * * * *
arms ( page 55 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the difference between arms and armor ?
2 .
in what connection is armor used in modern warfare ?
examples .
- - - - on - - - - clashing brayed horrible discord .
there is constant rivalry between irresistible projectiles and impenetrable - - - - .
* * * * *
army ( page 56 ) .
questions .
1 .
what are the essentials of an army ?
2 .
is an army large or small ?
3 .
what term would be applied to a multitude of armed men without order or organization ?
4 .
in what sense is host used ?
legion ?
examples .
for the - - - - is a school in which the miser becomes generous , and the generous , prodigal ; miserly soldiers are like monsters , but very rarely seen .
the still - discordant wavering - - - - .
* * * * *
arraign ( page 56 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what kind of proceedings do indict and arraign apply ?
2 .
how is one indicted ?
how arraigned ?
3 .
how do these words differ from charge ?
accuse ?
censure ?
examples .
the criminal was - - - - for trial for his offenses .
religion does not - - - - or exclude unnumbered pleasures , harmlessly pursued .
* * * * *
artifice ( page 58 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is an artifice ?
a device ?
finesse ?
2 .
in what sense are cheat , maneuver , and imposture always used ?
3 .
in what sense is trick commonly used ?
4 .
what is a fraud ?
5 .
is wile used in a good or a bad sense ?
6 .
does the good or the bad sense commonly attach to the words artifice , contrivance , ruse , blind , device , and finesse ?
examples .
those who can not gain their ends by force naturally resort to - - - - .
the enemy were decoyed from their defenses by a skilful - - - - .
quips and cranks and wanton - - - - , nods and becks and wreathed smiles .
whoever has even once become notorious by base - - - - , even if he speaks the truth , gains no belief .
* * * * *
artist ( page 58 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is an artist ?
an artisan ?
2 .
what is an artificer ?
how related to artist and artisan ?
examples .
the power depends on the depth of the - - - - ' s insight of that object he contemplates .
infuse into the purpose with which you follow the various employments and professions of life the sense of beauty , and you are transformed at once from an - - - - into an - - - - .
if too many - - - - turn shopkeepers , the whole natural quantity of that business divided among them all may afford too small a share for each .
* * * * *
ask ( page 59 ) .
questions .
1 .
for what class of objects does one ask ?
for what does he beg ?
2 .
how do entreat and beseech compare with ask ?
3 .
what is the special sense of implore ?
of supplicate ?
4 .
how are crave and request distinguished ?
pray and petition ?
5 .
what kind of asking is implied in demand ?
in require ?
how do these two words differ from one another ?
examples .
we , ignorant of ourselves , - - - - often our own harms , which the wise powers deny us for our good : so we find profit , by losing of our prayers .
the harvest truly is great , but the labourers are few : - - - - ye therefore the lord of the harvest that he would send forth labourers into his harvest .
speak with me , pity me , open the door , a beggar - - - - that never begg'd before .
be not afraid to - - - - ; to - - - - is right .
- - - - , if thou canst , with hope ; but ever - - - - .
though hope be weak or sick with long delay ; - - - - in the darkness , if there be no light .
* * * * *
associate ( page 60 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does associate imply , as used officially ?
what when used in popular language ?
2 .
do we speak of associates in crime or wrong ?
what words are preferred in such connection ?
( see synonyms for accessory . ) 3 .
is companion used in a good or bad sense ?
4 .
how does it differ in use from associate ?
5 .
what is the significance of peer ?
comrade ?
consort ?
examples .
his best - - - - , innocence and health , and his best riches , ignorance of wealth .
the - - - - accepted napoleon's abdication .
the leader in the plot was betrayed by his - - - - .
* * * * *
assume ( page 61 ) .
questions .
1 .
does assume apply to that which is rightfully or wrongfully taken ?
2 .
in what use does assume correspond with arrogate and usurp ?
3 .
how do arrogate and usurp differ from each other ?
how does assume differ from postulate as regards debate or reasoning of any kind ?
examples .
wherefore do i - - - - these royalties , and not refuse to reign .
- - - - a virtue if you have it not .
for well we know no hand of blood and bone can gripe the sacred handle of our scepter , unless he do profane , steal , or - - - - .
* * * * *
assurance ( page 61 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is assurance in the good sense ?
2 .
what is assurance in the bad sense ?
3 .
how does assurance compare with impudence ?
with effrontery ?
examples .
let us draw near with a true heart in full - - - - of faith .
some wicked wits have libel'd all the fair .
with matchless - - - - they style a wife the dear - bought curse , and lawful plague of life .
with brazen - - - - he denied the most indisputable facts .
* * * * *
astute ( page 62 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what language is acute derived ?
what is its distinctive sense ?
2 .
from what language is keen derived ?
what does it distinctively denote ?
3 .
from what language is astute derived , and what was its original meaning ?
4 .
in present use what does astute add to the meaning of acute or keen ?
5 .
what does astute imply regarding the ulterior purpose or object of the person who is credited with it ?
examples .
you statesmen are so - - - - in forming schemes !
he taketh the wise in their own - - - - ness .
the most - - - - reasoner may be deluded , when he practises sophistry upon himself .
* * * * *
attachment ( page 63 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is attachment ?
how does it differ from adherence or adhesion ?
from affection ?
from inclination ?
from regard ?
examples .
talk not of wasted - - - - , - - - - never was wasted .
you do not weaken your - - - - for your family by cultivating - - - - s beyond its pale , but deepen and intensify it .
* * * * *
attack , v .
& n .
( pages 63 , 64 ) .
questions .
1 .
what special element is involved in the meaning of attack ?
2 .
how do assail and assault differ ?
3 .
what is it to encounter ?
how does this word compare with attack ?
how does attack differ from aggression ?
examples .
we see time's furrows on another's brow , and death intrench'd , preparing his - - - - ; how few themselves in that just mirror see !
who ever knew truth put to the worse in a free and open - - - - ?
roger williams - - - - the spirit of intolerance , the doctrine of persecution , and never his persecutors .
* * * * *
attain ( page 64 ) .
questions .
1 .
what kind of a word is attain , and to what does it point ?
2 .
how does attain differ from obtain ?
from achieve ?
3 .
how does obtain differ from procure ?
examples .
the heights by great men - - - - and kept were not - - - - by sudden flight , but they , while their companions slept , were toiling upward in the night .
our doubts are traitors , and make us lose the good we oft might - - - - by fearing to attempt .
* * * * *
attitude ( page 65 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does position as regards the human body differ from attitude , posture , or pose ?
2 .
do the three latter words apply to the living or the dead ?
3 .
what is the distinctive sense of attitude ?
is it conscious or unconscious ?
4 .
how does posture differ from attitude ?
5 .
what is the distinctive sense of pose ?
how does it differ from , and how does it agree with attitude and posture ?
examples .
the - - - - assumed indicated great indignation because of the insult implied .
the - - - - was graceful and pleasing .
* * * * *
attribute , v .
( page 65 ) .
questions .
1 .
what suggestion is often involved in attribute ?
2 .
how does attribute differ from refer and ascribe ?
3 .
is charge ( in this connection ) used in the favorable or unfavorable sense ?
examples .
- - - - ye greatness unto our god .
he - - - - unworthy motives which proved a groundless charge .
* * * * *
attribute , n .
( page 66 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the derivation and the inherent meaning of quality ?
2 .
what is an attribute ?
3 .
which of the above words expresses what necessarily belongs to the subject of which it is said to be an attribute or quality ?
4 .
what is the derivation and distinctive sense of property ?
5 .
how does property ordinarily differ from quality ?
6 .
in what usage do property and quality become exact synonyms , and how are properties then distinguished ?
examples .
his scepter shows the force of temporal power , the - - - - to awe and majesty , wherein doth sit the dread and fear of kings .
nothing endures but personal - - - - s .
* * * * *
avaricious ( page 68 ) .
questions .
1 .
how do avaricious and covetous differ from miserly , niggardly , parsimonious , and penurious ?
2 .
of what matters are greedy and stingy used ?
how do they differ from each other ?
examples .
i am not - - - - for gold ; nor care i who doth feed upon my cost ; it yearns me not if men my garments wear .
it is better to be content with such things as ye have than to become - - - - and - - - - in accumulating .
* * * * *
avenge ( page 69 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to avenge ?
2 .
how does avenge differ from revenge ?
3 .
which word would be used of an act of god ?
4 .
is retaliate used in the sense of avenge or of revenge ?
examples .
o , that the vain remorse , which must chastise crimes done , had but as loud a voice to warn as its keen sting is mortal to - - - - .
i lost mine eye laying the prize aboard , and therefore to - - - - it , shalt thou die .
* * * * *
avow ( page 69 ) .
questions .
1 .
which words of this group refer exclusively to one's own knowledge or action ?
2 .
what is the distinctive sense of aver ?
of avouch ?
of avow ?
3 .
how do avouch and avow differ from aver in construction ?
4 .
is avow used in a good or a bad sense ?
what does it imply of others ' probable feeling or action ?
5 .
how does avow compare with confess ?
examples .
and , but herself , - - - - no parallel .
the child - - - - his fault and was pardoned by his parent .
* * * * *
awful ( page 70 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what matters should awful properly be restricted ?
2 .
is awful always interchangeable with alarming or terrible ?
with disagreeable or annoying ?
examples .
then must it be an - - - - thing to die .
the silent falling of the snow is to me one of the most - - - - things in nature .
* * * * *
awkward ( page 70 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the derivation and original meaning of awkward ?
of clumsy ?
2 .
to what , therefore , does awkward primarily refer ?
and to what clumsy ?
3 .
is a draft - horse distinctively awkward or clumsy ?
4 .
give some metaphorical uses of awkward .
examples .
though he was - - - - , he was kindly .
the apprentice was not only - - - - , but - - - - , and had to be taught over and over again the same methods .
the young girl stood in a - - - - way , looking in at the showy shop - windows .
* * * * *
axiom ( page 71 ) .
questions .
1 .
in what do axiom and truism agree ?
2 .
in what do they differ ?
3 .
how do they compare in interest and utility ?
examples .
it is almost an - - - - that those who do most for the heathen abroad are most liberal for the heathen at home .
trifling - - - - s clothed in great , swelling words of vanity .
* * * * *
babble ( page 71 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what class do most of the words in this group belong ?
why are they so called ?
2 .
what is the special significance of blab and blurt ?
how do they differ from each other in use ?
3 .
what is chat ?
4 .
how does prattling differ from chatting ?
5 .
in what sense is jabber used ?
how does it compare with chatter ?
examples .
" the crane , " i said , " may - - - - of the crane , the dove may - - - - of the dove . "
two women sat contentedly - - - - ing , one of them amusing a - - - - ing babe .
* * * * *
banish ( page 72 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what land may one be banished ?
from what expatriated or exiled ?
2 .
by whom may one be said to be banished ?
by whom expatriated or exiled ?
3 .
which of these words is of widest import ?
give examples of its metaphorical use .
* * * * *
bank ( page 72 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a beach ?
a coast ?
2 .
how does each of the above words differ from bank ?
3 .
what is the distinctive sense of strand ?
in what style of writing is it most commonly used ?
4 .
what are the distinctive senses of edge and brink ?
* * * * *
banter ( page 73 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is banter ?
2 .
how is badinage distinguished from banter ?
raillery from both ?
3 .
what is the distinctive sense of irony ?
4 .
is irony kindly or the reverse ?
badinage ?
banter ?
5 .
what words of this group are distinctly hostile ?
6 .
is ridicule or derision the stronger word ?
what is the distinction between the two ?
between satire and sarcasm ?
between chaff , jeering , and mockery ?
* * * * *
barbarous ( page 73 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of barbarian ?
2 .
what is the added significance of barbaric ?
3 .
how does barbarous in general use differ from both the above words ?
4 .
what special element is commonly implied in savage ?
5 .
in what less opprobrious sense may barbarous and savage be used ?
give instances .
examples .
a multitude like which the populous north poured never from her frozen loins , to pass rhene or the danaw , when her - - - - sons came like a deluge on the south .
or when the gorgeous east , with richest hand , showers on her kings - - - - pearl and gold .
it is most true , that a natural and secret hatred and aversation toward society , in any man , hath somewhat of the - - - - beast .
thou art bought and sold among those of any wit like a - - - - slave .
* * * * *
barrier ( page 74 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a bar ?
and what is its purpose ?
2 .
what is a barrier ?
3 .
which word is ordinarily applied to objects of great extent ?
4 .
would a mountain range be termed a bar or a barrier ?
5 .
what distinctive name is given to a mass of sand across the mouth of a river or harbor ?
* * * * *
battle ( page 74 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the general meaning of conflict ?
2 .
what is a battle ?
3 .
how long may a battle last ?
4 .
on how many fields may one battle be fought ?
5 .
how does engagement differ from battle ?
how does combat differ ?
action ?
skirmish ?
fight ?
* * * * *
beautiful ( page 76 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is necessary to constitute an object or a person beautiful ?
2 .
can beautiful be said of that which is harsh and ragged , however grand ?
3 .
how is beautiful related to our powers of appreciation ?
4 .
how does pretty compare with beautiful ?
handsome ?
5 .
what does fair denote ?
comely ?
picturesque ?
examples .
i pray thee , o god , that i may be - - - - within .
a happy youth , and their old age is - - - - and free .
' twas sung , how they were - - - - in their lives and in their death had not divided been .
how - - - - has the day been , how bright was the sun .
how lovely and joyful the course that he run .
though he rose in a mist when his race he began and there followed some droppings of rain !
* * * * *
becoming ( page 77 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of becoming ?
of decent ?
of suitable ?
2 .
can that which is worthy or beautiful in itself ever be otherwise than becoming or suitable ?
give instances .
3 .
what is the meaning of fit ?
how does it differ from fitting or befitting ?
examples .
a merrier man , within the limit of - - - - mirth , i never spent an hour's talk withal .
still govern thou my song , urania , and - - - - audience find , tho few .
indeed , left nothing - - - - for your purpose untouch'd , slightly handled , in discourse .
in such a time as this , it is not - - - - that every nice offense should bear his comment .
how could money be better spent than in erecting a - - - - building for the greatest library in the country ?
* * * * *
beginning ( page 78 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what language is beginning derived ?
commencement ?
how do the two words differ in application and use ?
give instances .
2 .
what is an origin ?
a source ?
a rise ?
3 .
how are fount , fountain , and spring used in the figurative sense ?
examples .
for learning is the - - - - pure , out from which all glory springs .
truth is the - - - - of every good to gods and men .
courage , the mighty attribute of powers above , by which those great in war are great in love ; the - - - - of all brave acts is seated here .
it can not be that desdemona should long continue her love to the moor , nor he his to her : it was a violent - - - - , and thou shalt see an answerable sequestration .
in the - - - - god created the heaven and the earth .
* * * * *
behavior ( page 79 ) .
questions .
1 .
how do behavior and conduct differ ?
2 .
what is the special sense of carriage ?
of bearing ?
demeanor ?
3 .
what is manner ?
manners ?
examples .
our thoughts and our - - - - are our own .
good - - - - are made up of petty sacrifices .
* * * * *
benevolence ( page 80 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the original distinction between benevolence and beneficence ?
2 .
in what sense is benevolence now most commonly used ?
3 .
what words are commonly used for benevolence in the original sense ?
4 .
what was the original sense of charity ?
the present popular sense ?
5 .
what of humanity ?
generosity ?
liberality ?
philanthropy ?
examples .
- - - - is a virtue of the heart , and not of the hands .
the secrets of life are not shown except to - - - - and likeness .
* * * * *
bind ( page 81 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the distinctive sense of bind ?
2 .
what is the special meaning of tie ?
3 .
in how general a sense is fasten used ?
4 .
which of the above three words is used in a figurative sense ?
examples .
shut , shut the door , good john !
fatigu'd , i said ; - - - - up the knocker , say i'm sick , i'm dead .
adjust our lives to loss , make friends with pain , - - - - all our shattered hopes and bid them bloom again .
* * * * *
bitter ( page 81 ) .
questions .
1 .
how may acid , bitter , and acrid be distinguished ?
pungent ?
caustic ?
2 .
in metaphorical use , how are harsh and bitter distinguished ?
3 .
what is the special significance of caustic ?
4 .
give examples of these words in their various uses .
* * * * *
bleach ( page 82 ) .
questions .
1 .
how do bleach and blanch differ from whiten ?
from each other ?
examples .
you can behold such sights , and keep the natural ruby of your cheeks , when mine is - - - - with fear .
we let the years go : wash them clean with tears , leave them to - - - - out in the open day .
* * * * *
blemish ( page 82 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a blemish ?
2 .
how does it differ from a flaw or taint ?
3 .
what is a defect ?
a fault ?
4 .
which words of this group are naturally applied to reputation , and which to character ?
examples .
every page enclosing in the midst a square of text that looks a little - - - - .
the noble brutus hath told you caesar was ambitious : if it were so , it was a grievous - - - - .
* * * * *
bluff ( page 83 ) .
questions .
1 .
in what sense are bluff , frank , and open used ?
2 .
in what sense are blunt , brusk , rough , and rude employed ?
examples .
there are to whom my satire seems too - - - - .
stout once a month they march , a - - - - band and ever but in times of need , at hand .
* * * * *
boundary ( page 84 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the original sense of boundary ?
2 .
how does it differ in usage from bound or bounds ?
3 .
in what style and sense is bourn used ?
4 .
what is the distinctive meaning of edge ?
examples .
so these lives . . .
parted by - - - - s strong , but drawing nearer and nearer , rushed together at last , and one was lost in the other .
in worst extremes , and on the perilous - - - - of battle .
* * * * *
brave ( page 85 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does brave differ from courageous ?
2 .
what is the special sense of adventurous ?
of bold ?
of chivalrous ?
3 .
how do these words differ from venturesome ?
4 .
what is especially denoted by fearless and intrepid ?
5 .
what does valiant tell of results ?
6 .
what ideas are combined in heroic ?
examples .
a - - - - man is also full of faith .
fir'd at first sight with what the muse imparts , in - - - - youth we tempt the heights of arts .
thy danger chiefly lies in acting well ; no crime's so great as - - - - to excel .
* * * * *
business ( page 88 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the distinctive meaning of barter ?
2 .
what does business add to the meaning of barter ?
3 .
what is occupation ?
is it broader than business ?
4 .
what is a vocation ?
5 .
what ( in the strict sense ) is an avocation ?
6 .
what is implied in profession ?
pursuit ?
7 .
what is a transaction ?
8 .
how does trade differ from commerce ?
9 .
what is work ?
10 .
what is an art in the industrial sense ?
a craft ?
examples .
a man must serve his time to every - - - - .
we turn to dust , and all our mightiest - - - - s die too .
* * * * *
calculate ( page 90 ) .
questions .
1 .
how do you distinguish between count and calculate ?
compute , reckon and estimate ?
2 .
which is used mostly with regard to future probabilities ?
3 .
do we use compute or estimate of numbers exactly known ?
4 .
of compute , calculate , and estimate , which is used with especial reference to the future ?
examples .
there were 4046 men in the district , by actual - - - - .
the time of the eclipse was - - - - to a second .
we ask them to - - - - approximately the cost of the building .
* * * * *
call ( page 91 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the distinctive meaning of call ?
2 .
do we ever apply bellow and roar to human sounds ?
3 .
can you give more than one sense of cry ?
4 .
are shout and scream more or less expressive than call ?
5 .
which of the words in this group are necessarily and which ordinarily applied to articulate utterance ?
which rarely , if ever , so used ?
examples .
- - - - for the robin redbreast and the wren .
the pioneers could hear the savages - - - - outside .
i - - - - my servant and he came .
the captain - - - - in a voice of thunder to the helmsman , " put your helm hard aport ! "
* * * * *
calm ( page 91 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what classes of objects or states of mind do we apply calm ?
collected ?
quiet ?
placid ?
serene ?
still ?
tranquil ?
2 .
do the antonyms boisterous , excited , ruffled , turbulent , and wild , also apply to the same ?
3 .
can you contrast calm and quiet ?
4 .
how many of the preceding adjectives can be applied to water ?
5 .
how does composed differ from calm ?
examples .
the possession of a - - - - conscience is an estimable blessing .
the water is said to be always - - - - in the ocean depths .
- - - - on the listening ear of night fall heaven's melodious strains .
* * * * *
cancel ( page 92 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the difference in method involved in the verbs cancel , efface , erase , expunge , and obliterate ?
2 .
which suggest the most complete removal of all trace of a writing ?
3 .
how do the figurative uses of these words compare with the literal ?
4 .
is it possible to obliterate or efface that which has been previously canceled or erased ?
examples .
it is practically impossible to clean a postage - stamp that has been properly - - - - so that it can be used again .
with the aid of a sharp penknife the blot was quickly - - - - .
by lapse of time and elemental action , the inscription had become completely - - - - .
* * * * *
candid ( page 93 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what class of things do we apply aboveboard ?
candid ?
fair ?
frank ?
honest ?
sincere ?
transparent ?
2 .
can you state the similarity between artless , guileless , naive , simple , and unsophisticated ?
how do they differ as a class from the words above referred to ?
3 .
how does it happen that " to be frank , " or " to be candid " often precedes the utterance of something disagreeable ?
examples .
the sophistry was so - - - - as to disgust the assembly .
a .
t .
stewart relied on - - - - dealing as the secret of mercantile success .
an - - - - man will not steal or defraud .
- - - - she seems with artful care affecting to be unaffected .
* * * * *
care ( page 94 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the special difference between care and anxiety ?
2 .
wherein does care differ from caution ?
solicitude from anxiety ?
watchfulness from wariness ?
3 .
can you give some of the senses of care ?
4 .
is concern as strong a term as anxiety ?
5 .
what is circumspection ?
precaution ?
heed ?
examples .
take her up tenderly , lift her with - - - - .
a military commander should have as much - - - - as bravery .
the invaders fancied themselves so secure against attack that they had not taken the - - - - to station sentinels .
* * * * *
caricature ( page 95 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the distinctive meaning of caricature ?
2 .
what is the special difference between parody and travesty ?
between both and burlesque ?
3 .
to what is caricature mostly confined ?
4 .
how do mimicry and imitation differ ?
5 .
is an extravaganza an exaggeration ?
examples .
the eagle nose of the general was magnified in every artist's - - - - .
his laughable reproduction of the great actor's vagaries was a clever bit of - - - - .
if it be not lying to say that a fox's tail is four feet long , it is certainly a huge - - - - .
* * * * *
carry ( page 96 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what sort of objects do we apply bear ?
carry ?
move ?
take ?
2 .
what kinds of force or power do we indicate by convey , lift , transmit , and transport ?
3 .
what is the distinction between bring and carry ?
between carry and bear ?
4 .
what does lift mean ?
5 .
can you give some figurative uses of carry ?
examples .
the strong man can - - - - 1 , 000 pounds with apparent ease .
napoleon always endeavored to - - - - the war into the enemy's territory .
it was found necessary to - - - - the coal overland for a distance of 500 miles .
my punishment is greater than i can - - - - .
* * * * *
catastrophe ( page 97 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a catastrophe or cataclysm ?
2 .
is a catastrophe also necessarily a calamity or a disaster ?
3 .
which word has the broader meaning , disaster or calamity ?
4 .
does misfortune suggest as serious a condition as any of the foregoing ?
5 .
how does a mishap compare with a catastrophe , a calamity , or a disaster ?
6 .
give some chief antonyms of the above .
examples .
war and pestilence are properly - - - - , while the loss of a battle may be a - - - - , but not a - - - - .
fortune is not satisfied with inflicting one - - - - .
well had the boding tremblers learned to trace the day's - - - - in his morning face .
the failure of the crops of two successive years proved an irreparable - - - - to the emigrants .
* * * * *
cause ( page 98 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the central distinction between antecedent and cause ?
2 .
how are the words cause , condition , and occasion illustrated by the fall of an avalanche ?
3 .
and the antonyms consequence ?
effect ?
outgrowth ?
result ?
4 .
what are causality and causation ?
5 .
how are origin and source related to cause ?
examples .
where there is an effect there must be also a - - - - .
it is necessary to know something of the - - - - of a man before we can safely trust him .
the - - - - of the river was found to be a small lake among the hills .
what was given as the - - - - of the quarrel was really but the - - - - .
* * * * *
chagrin ( page 100 ) .
questions .
1 .
what feelings are combined in chagrin ?
2 .
how do you distinguish between chagrin , disappointment , humiliation , mortification , and shame ?
3 .
which involves a sense of having done wrong ?
examples .
the king's - - - - at the limitations imposed upon him was painfully manifest .
he is not wholly lost who yet can blush from - - - - .
hope tells a flattering tale , delusive , vain , and hollow .
ah !
let not hope prevail , lest - - - - follow .
* * * * *
change ( page 100 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the distinction between change and exchange ?
are they ever used as equivalent , and how ?
2 .
can you distinguish between modify and qualify ?
examples .
the tailor offered to - - - - the armholes of the coat .
we requested the pianist to - - - - his music by introducing a few popular tunes .
we often fail to recognize the actor who - - - - his costume between the acts .
* * * * *
character ( page 102 ) .
questions .
1 .
how do you distinguish between character and reputation ?
constitution and disposition ?
2 .
is nature a broader word than any of the preceding ?
3 .
if so , why ?
examples .
the philanthropist's - - - - for charity is often a great source of annoyance to him .
let dogs delight to bark and bite , for ' tis their - - - - to .
misfortune may cause the loss of friends and reputation , yet if the man has not yielded to wrong , his - - - - is superior to loss or change .
* * * * *
choose ( page 104 ) .
questions .
1 .
what are the shades of difference between choose , cull , elect , pick , prefer , and select ?
2 .
also between the antonyms cast away , decline , dismiss , refuse , repudiate ?
3 .
does select imply more care or judgment than choose ?
examples .
the prettiest flowers had all been - - - - .
jacob was - - - - to esau , tho he was the younger .
when a man deliberately - - - - to do wrong , there is little hope for him .
* * * * *
circumstance ( page 105 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what classes of things do we apply accompaniment ?
concomitant ?
circumstance ?
event ?
fact ?
incident ?
occurrence ?
situation ?
2 .
can you give some instances of the use of circumstance ?
3 .
is it a word of broader meaning than incident ?
examples .
the - - - - that there had been a fire was proved by the smoke - blackened walls .
extreme provocation may be a mitigating - - - - in a case of homicide .
* * * * *
class ( page 106 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does a class differ from a caste ?
2 .
in what connection is rank used ?
order ?
3 .
what is a coterie ?
how does it differ from a clique ?
examples .
an - - - - was formed for the relief of the poor and needy of the city .
a select - - - - met at the residence of one of the leading men of the city .
there is a struggle of the masses against the - - - - .
* * * * *
clear ( page 107 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does clear originally signify ?
2 .
how does clear differ from transparent as regards a substance that may be a medium of vision ?
3 .
with what meaning is clear used of an object apprehended by the senses , as an object of sight or hearing ?
4 .
what does distinct signify ?
5 .
what is plain ?
6 .
what special sense does this word always retain ?
how does transparent differ from translucent ?
7 .
what do lucid and pellucid signify ?
8 .
what is the special force of limpid ?
* * * * *
clever ( page 109 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of clever as used in england ?
2 .
what was the early new england usage ?
3 .
what is to be said of the use of smart and sharp ?
4 .
what other words of this group are preferable to clever in many of its uses ?
examples .
his brief experience in the department had made him very - - - - in the work now assigned him .
she was especially - - - - in song .
be good , sweet maid , and let who will be - - - - ; do noble things , not dream them , all day long ; and so make life , death , and the vast forever one grand , sweet song .
* * * * *
company ( page 110 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what is company derived ?
what is its primary meaning ?
2 .
for what are those associated who constitute a company ?
is their association temporary or permanent ?
3 .
what is the difference between assemblage and assembly ?
4 .
what is a conclave ?
a convocation ?
a convention ?
5 .
what are the characteristics of a group ?
6 .
to what use is congregation restricted ?
how does meeting agree with and differ from it ?
examples .
far from the madding - - - - ' s ignoble strife , their sober wishes never learned to stray .
the room contained a large - - - - of miscellaneous objects .
a fellow that makes no figure in - - - - .
a great - - - - had met , but without organization or officers .
if ye inquire anything concerning other matters , it shall be determined in a lawful - - - - .
* * * * *
compel ( page 111 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to compel ?
2 .
what does force imply ?
3 .
what is the especial significance of coerce ?
4 .
what does constrain imply ?
in what favorable sense is it used ?
examples .
even if we were not willing , they possessed the power of - - - - us to do justice .
employers may - - - - their employees into voting as they demand , but for the secret ballot .
these considerations - - - - us to aid them to the utmost of our power .
* * * * *
complain ( page 112 ) .
questions .
1 .
by what is complaining prompted ?
murmuring ?
repining ?
2 .
which finds outward expression , and which is limited to the mental act ?
3 .
to whom does one complain , in the formal sense of the word ?
4 .
with whom does one remonstrate ?
examples .
it is not pleasant to live with one who is constantly - - - - ing .
the dog gave a low - - - - which frightened the tramp away .
* * * * *
complex ( page 112 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does complex differ from compound ?
from composite ?
2 .
what is heterogeneous ?
conglomerate ?
3 .
how does complicated differ from intricate ?
from involved ?
* * * * *
conscious ( page 116 ) .
questions .
1 .
of what things is one aware ?
of what is he conscious ?
2 .
how does sensible compare with the above - mentioned words ?
3 .
what does sensible indicate regarding the emotions , that would not be expressed by conscious ?
examples .
to be - - - - that you are ignorant is a great step to knowledge .
they are now - - - - it would have been better to resist the first temptation .
he was - - - - of a stealthy step and a bulk dimly visible through the darkness .
* * * * *
consequence ( page 116 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does consequence differ from effect ?
both from result ?
2 .
how do result and issue compare ?
3 .
in what sense is consequent used ?
* * * * *
contagion ( page 117 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what is contagion now limited by the best medical usage ?
2 .
to what is the term infection applied ?
examples .
during the plague in london persons walked in the middle of the streets for fear of the - - - - from the houses .
the mob thinks by - - - - for the most part , catching an opinion like a cold .
no pestilence is so much to be dreaded as the - - - - of bad example .
* * * * *
continual ( page 117 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does continuous differ from continual ?
incessant from ceaseless ?
give examples .
* * * * *
contrast ( page 118 ) .
questions .
1 .
how is contrast related to compare ?
2 .
what are the special senses of differentiate , discriminate and distinguish ?
* * * * *
conversation ( page 118 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the essential meaning of conversation ?
2 .
how does conversation differ from talk ?
3 .
how is discourse related to conversation ?
4 .
what are the special senses of dialogue and colloquy ?
examples .
there can be no - - - - with a great genius , who does all the - - - - ing .
nor wanted sweet - - - - , the banquet of the mind .
* * * * *
convey ( page 119 ) .
questions .
1 .
in what do convey , transmit , and transport agree ?
what is the distinctive sense of convey ?
2 .
to what class of objects does transport refer ?
3 .
to what class of objects do transfer , transmit , and convey apply ?
4 .
which is the predominant sense of the latter words ?
* * * * *
criminal ( page 120 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the distinctive meaning of criminal ?
how does it differ from illegal or unlawful ?
2 .
what is felonious ?
flagitious ?
3 .
what is the primary meaning of iniquitous ?
4 .
is an iniquitous act necessarily criminal ?
* * * * *
danger ( page 121 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the distinctive meaning of danger ?
2 .
does danger or peril suggest the more immediate evil ?
3 .
how are jeopardy and risk distinguished from danger and peril ?
examples .
delay always breeds - - - - .
the careful rider avoids running - - - - .
stir , at your - - - - !
* * * * *
decay ( page 122 ) .
questions .
1 .
what sort of things decay ?
putrefy ?
rot ?
2 .
what is the essential difference between decay and decompose ?
examples .
the flowers wither , the tree's trunk - - - - .
the water was - - - - by the electric current .
* * * * *
deception ( page 123 ) .
questions .
1 .
how is deceit distinguished from deception ?
from guile ?
fraud ?
lying ?
hypocrisy ?
2 .
do all of these apply to conduct as well as to speech ?
3 .
is deception ever innocent ?
4 .
have craft and cunning always a moral element ?
5 .
how is dissimulation distinguished from duplicity ?
examples .
the - - - - of his conduct was patent to all .
it was a matter of self - - - - - .
the judge decided it to be a case of - - - - .
* * * * *
definition ( page 124 ) .
questions .
1 .
which is the more exact , a definition or a description ?
2 .
what must a definition include , and what must it exclude ?
3 .
what must a description include ?
4 .
in what respect has interpretation a wider meaning than translation ?
5 .
how does an explanation compare with an exposition ?
examples .
a prompt - - - - of the difficulty prevented a quarrel .
the - - - - of scenery was admirable .
the seer gave an - - - - of the dream .
many a controversy may be instantly ended by a clear - - - - of terms .
* * * * *
deliberate ( page 125 ) .
questions .
1 .
what are the chief distinctions between deliberate ?
consult ?
consider ?
meditate ?
reflect ?
2 .
do large gatherings of people consult , or meditate , or deliberate ?
3 .
do we reflect on things past or things to come ?
4 .
how many persons are necessarily implied in consult , confer , and debate as commonly used ?
in deliberate , consider , ponder , reflect ?
in meditate ?
5 .
what idea of time is implied in deliberate ?
examples .
the matter was carefully - - - - in all its bearings .
the legislature - - - - for several days .
* * * * *
delusion ( page 127 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the essential difference between illusion and delusion ?
how does hallucination differ from both ?
2 .
which word is used especially of objects of sight ?
examples .
the - - - - of the sick are sometimes pitiful .
in the soft light the - - - - was complete .
* * * * *
demonstration ( page 127 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what kind of reasoning does demonstration in the strict sense apply ?
2 .
what is evidence ?
proof ?
3 .
which is the stronger term ?
4 .
which is the more comprehensive ?
examples .
the - - - - of the witness was so complete that no further - - - - was required .
a mathematical - - - - must be final and conclusive .
* * * * *
design ( page 128 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the distinctive meaning of design ?
2 .
what element is prominent in intention ?
purpose ?
plan ?
3 .
does purpose suggest more power to execute than design ?
4 .
how does intent specifically differ from purpose ?
which term do we use with reference to the divine being ?
examples .
the architect's - - - - involved much detail .
hell is paved with good - - - - .
it is the - - - - of the voter that decides how his ballot shall be counted .
the - - - - of the almighty can not be thwarted .
the adaption of means to ends in nature clearly indicates a - - - - , and so proves a - - - - er .
* * * * *
despair ( page 129 ) .
questions .
1 .
in what order might despair , desperation , discouragement , and hopelessness follow , each as the result of the previous condition ?
2 .
how does despondency especially differ from despair ?
examples .
the utter - - - - of their condition was apparent .
in weak - - - - he abandoned all endeavor .
* * * * *
dexterity ( page 129 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what is adroitness derived ?
from what dexterity ?
how might each be rendered ?
2 .
how does adroitness differ in use from dexterity ?
3 .
from what is aptitude derived , and what does it signify ?
4 .
how does skill differ from dexterity ?
which can and which can not be communicated ?
examples .
he had a natural - - - - for scientific investigation , and by long practise gained an inimitable - - - - of manipulation .
his - - - - in debate enabled him to evade or parry arguments or attacks which he could not answer .
the - - - - of the best trained workman can not equal the precision of a machine .
* * * * *
diction ( page 130 ) .
questions .
1 .
which is the more comprehensive word , diction , language , or phraseology ?
2 .
what is the true meaning of verbiage ?
should it ever be used as the equivalent of language or diction ?
3 .
what is style ?
how does it compare with diction or language ?
examples .
the - - - - of the discourse was plain and emphatic .
the - - - - of a written contract should be such as to prevent misunderstandings .
the poetic - - - - of milton is so exquisitely perfect that another word can scarcely ever be substituted for the one he has chosen without marring the line .
* * * * *
difference ( page 131 ) .
questions .
1 .
which pertain mostly to realities , and which are matters of judgment - - difference , disparity , distinction , or inconsistency ?
2 .
what do we mean by " a distinction without a difference " ?
examples .
the proper - - - - should be carefully observed in the use of " shall " and " will . "
the - - - - between black and white is self - evident .
the - - - - of our representatives ' conduct with their promises is unpardonable .
* * * * *
discern ( page 133 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what sort of objects do we apply behold , discern , distinguish , observe , and see ?
2 .
what do behold and distinguish suggest in addition to seeing ?
examples .
with the aid of a great telescope we may - - - - what stars are double .
- - - - the upright man .
let us minutely - - - - the color of the goods .
* * * * *
discover ( page 133 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the distinctive meaning of detect ?
discover ?
invent ?
2 .
how do discover and invent differ ?
3 .
is detect often used in a favorable sense ?
examples .
an experienced policeman acquires wonderful skill in - - - - ing criminals .
newton - - - - the law of gravitation .
to - - - - a machine , one must first understand the laws of mechanics .
* * * * *
disease ( page 134 ) .
questions .
1 .
what was the early and general meaning of sick and sickness in english ?
2 .
how long did that usage prevail ?
3 .
what is the present restriction upon the use of these words in england ?
what words are there commonly substituted ?
4 .
what is the prevalent usage in the united states ?
examples .
- - - - spread in the camp and proved deadlier than the sword .
the - - - - was found to be contagious .
he is just recovering from a slight - - - - .
it is not good manners to talk of one's - - - - s .
* * * * *
do ( page 135 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the most comprehensive word of this group ?
2 .
in what sense are finish and complete used , and how are they discriminated from each other ?
3 .
how do we discriminate between fulfil , realize , effect , and execute ?
perform and accomplish ?
accomplish and complete ?
examples .
a duty has been - - - - , a work of gratitude and affection has been - - - - .
it is wonderful how much can be - - - - by steady , plodding industry without brilliant talents .
the work is not only grand in design but it is - - - - with the most exquisite delicacy in every detail .
it is the duty of the legislators to make laws , of the magistrates to - - - - them .
every one should labor to - - - - his duties faithfully , and - - - - the just expectations of those who have committed to him any trust .
* * * * *
doctrine ( page 136 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what matters do we apply the word creed ?
doctrine ?
dogma ?
principle ?
2 .
which is the more inclusive word ?
3 .
is dogma used favorably or unfavorably ?
examples .
the - - - - rests either upon the authority of the scriptures , or upon a decision of the church .
a man may have upright - - - - s even while he disregards commonly received - - - - s .
* * * * *
doubt , v .
( page 137 ) .
questions .
1 .
do we apply doubt , distrust , surmise , and suspect mostly to persons and things , or to motives and intentions ?
2 .
is mistrust used of persons or of things ?
3 .
is it used , in a favorable or an unfavorable sense ?
examples .
we do not - - - - that the earth moves around the sun .
nearly every law of nature was by man first - - - - , then proved to be true .
i - - - - my own heart .
i - - - - that man from the outset .
* * * * *
doubt , n .
( page 138 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what class of objects do we apply disbelief ?
doubt ?
hesitation ?
misgiving ?
2 .
which of these words most commonly implies an unfavorable meaning ?
3 .
what meaning has skepticism as applied to religious matters ?
examples .
we feel no - - - - in giving our approval .
the jury had - - - - s of his guilt .
we did all we could to further the enterprise , but still had our - - - - s as to the outcome .
* * * * *
duplicate ( page 141 ) .
questions .
1 .
can you give the distinction between a copy and a duplicate ?
a facsimile , and an imitation ?
2 .
what sort of a copy is a transcript ?
examples .
the - - - - of an organ by the violinist was perfect .
this key is a - - - - , and will open the lock .
the signature was merely a printed - - - - .
* * * * *
duty ( page 142 ) .
questions .
1 .
do we use duty and right of civil things ?
or business and obligation of moral things ?
2 .
does responsibility imply connection with any other person or thing ?
examples .
i go because it is my - - - - .
we recognize a - - - - for the good conduct of our own children , but do we not also rest under some - - - - to society to exercise a good influence over the children of others ?
* * * * *
eager ( page 142 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the distinction between eager and earnest in the nature of the feeling implied ?
in the objects toward which it is directed ?
2 .
how does anxious in this acceptation differ from both eager and earnest ?
examples .
hark !
the shrill trumpet sounds to horse !
away !
my soul's in arms , and - - - - for the fray .
i am in - - - - .
i will not equivocate ; i will not excuse ; i will not retreat a single inch ; and i will be heard !
i am - - - - to hear of your welfare , and of the prospects of the enterprise .
* * * * *
ease ( page 143 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does ease denote , in the sense here considered ?
does it apply to action or condition ?
2 .
is facility active or passive ?
readiness ?
3 .
what does ease imply , and to what may it be limited ?
4 .
what does facility imply ?
readiness ?
5 .
to what is expertness limited ?
examples .
he plays the violin with great - - - - , and delights an audience .
whatever he did was done with so much - - - - , in him alone ' twas natural to please .
it is often said with equal truth that we ought to take advantage of the - - - - which children possess of learning .
* * * * *
education ( page 143 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the distinctive meaning of education ?
instruction ?
teaching ?
2 .
how is instruction or teaching related to education ?
3 .
how does training differ from teaching ?
4 .
what is discipline ?
tuition ?
5 .
what are breeding and nurture , and how do they differ from each other ?
6 .
how are knowledge and learning related to education ?
examples .
the true purpose of - - - - is to cherish and unfold the seed of immortality already sown within us .
by - - - - , we do learn ourselves to know and what to man , and what to god we owe .
- - - - maketh a full man , conference a ready man , and writing an exact man .
for natural abilities are like natural plants that need pruning by - - - - ; and - - - - s themselves do give forth directions too much at large , except they be bounded in by experience .
a branch of - - - - is often put to an improper use , for fear of its being idle .
* * * * *
effrontery ( page 144 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is audacity ?
hardihood ?
2 .
what special element does effrontery add to the meaning of audacity and hardihood ?
3 .
what is impudence ?
shamelessness ?
4 .
how does effrontery compare with these words ?
5 .
what is boldness ?
is it used in a favorable or an unfavorable sense ?
examples .
when they saw the - - - - of peter and john , and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men they marvelled .
i ne'er heard yet that any of these bolder vices wanted less - - - - to gainsay what they did , than to perform it first .
i am not a little surprised at the easy - - - - with which political gentlemen in and out of congress take it upon them to say that there are not a thousand men in the north who sympathize with john brown .
* * * * *
egotism ( page 145 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is egoism and how does it differ from egotism ?
2 .
what is self - assertion ?
self - conceit ?
3 .
does conceit differ from self - conceit , and how ?
4 .
what is self - confidence ?
is it worthy or unworthy ?
5 .
is self - assertion ever a duty ?
self - conceit ?
6 .
what is vanity ?
how does it differ from self - confidence ?
from pride ?
7 .
what is self - esteem ?
how does it differ from self - conceit ?
from self - confidence ?
examples .
- - - - may puff a man up , but never prop him up .
- - - - is as ill at ease under indifference , as tenderness is under the love which it can not return .
* * * * *
emblem ( page 146 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what language is emblem derived ?
what did it originally signify ?
2 .
what is the derivation and primary meaning of symbol ?
3 .
how do the two words compare as now used ?
4 .
how does a sign suggest something other than itself ?
5 .
can the same thing be both an emblem and a symbol ?
a sign and a symbol ?
6 .
what is a token ?
a figure ?
an image ?
a type ?
examples .
rose of the desert , thou art to me an - - - - of stainless purity , - - - - of those who , keeping their garments white , walk on through life with steps aright .
all things are - - - - s : the external shows of nature have their - - - - in the mind as flowers and fruits and falling of the leaves .
moses , as israel's deliverer , was a - - - - of christ .
* * * * *
emigrate ( page 147 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the distinctive meaning of migrate ?
what is its application ?
2 .
what do emigrate and immigrate signify ?
to what do they apply ?
can the two words be used of the same person and the same act ?
how ?
examples .
the ship was crowded with - - - - mostly from germany .
- - - - are pouring into the united states often at the rate of half a million a year .
* * * * *
employ ( page 147 ) .
questions .
1 .
what are the distinctive senses of employ and use ?
give instances .
2 .
what does use often imply as to materials used ?
3 .
how does hire compare with employ ?
examples .
the young man had been - - - - by the firm for several months and had proved faithful in every respect .
the church was then ready to - - - - a pastor .
what one has , one ought to - - - - : and whatever he does he should do with all his might .
* * * * *
end , v .
( page 148 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to end , and what reference does end have to intention or expectation ?
2 .
what do close , complete , conclude , and finish signify as to expectation or appropriateness ?
give instances .
3 .
what specially distinctive sense has finish ?
4 .
does terminate refer to reaching an arbitrary or an appropriate end ?
5 .
what does stop signify ?
examples .
the life was suddenly - - - - .
the train - - - - long enough for the passengers to get off , then whirled on .
* * * * *
end , n .
( page 148 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the end ?
2 .
what is the distinctive meaning of extremity ?
3 .
how does extremity compare with end ?
4 .
what reference is implied in extremity ?
5 .
what is the meaning of tip ?
point ?
how does extremity differ in use from the two latter words ?
6 .
what is a terminus ?
what specific meaning has the word in modern travel ?
7 .
what is the meaning of termination , and of what is it chiefly used ?
expiration ?
limit ?
examples .
seeing that death , a necessary - - - - will come when it will come .
all rejoice at the successful - - - - of the vast undertaking .
he that endureth to the - - - - shall be saved .
do not turn back when you are just at the - - - - .
* * * * *
endeavor , v .
( page 149 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to attempt ?
to endeavor ?
to what sort of exertion does endeavor especially apply ?
2 .
how does essay differ from attempt and endeavor in its view of the results of the action ?
3 .
what is implied in undertake ?
give an instance .
4 .
what does strive suggest ?
5 .
how does try compare with the other words of the group ?
examples .
- - - - first thyself , and after call on god , for to the worker god himself lends aid .
- - - - the end , and never stand to doubt ; nothing's so hard but search will find it out .
- - - - to enter in at the strait gate .
* * * * *
endeavor , n .
( page 150 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is an effort ?
an exertion ?
which includes the other ?
2 .
how does attempt differ from effort ?
3 .
what is a struggle ?
4 .
what is an essay , and for what purpose is it made ?
5 .
what is an endeavor , and how is it distinguished from effort ?
from attempt ?
examples .
youth is a blunder ; manhood a - - - - ; old age a regret .
so vast an - - - - required more capital than he could command at that time .
others combining with him enabled him to succeed with it .
after a few spasmodic - - - - , he abandoned all - - - - at improvement .
* * * * *
endure ( page 150 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of bear as applied to care , pain , grief , and the like ?
2 .
what does endure add to the meaning of bear ?
3 .
how do allow and permit compare with the words just mentioned ?
4 .
how do put up with and tolerate compare with allow and permit ?
5 .
what is the special sense of afford ?
how does it come into connection with the words of this group ?
6 .
what is the sense of brook ?
7 .
of what words does abide combine the meanings ?
examples .
charity - - - - long and is kind ; charity - - - - all things .
i follow thee , safe guide , the path thou lead'st me , and to the hand of heav'n - - - - .
for there was never yet philosopher that could - - - - the toothache patiently .
* * * * *
enemy ( page 151 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is an enemy ?
an adversary ?
2 .
what distinction is there between the two words as to the purpose implied ?
3 .
what is an antagonist ?
an opponent ?
a competitor ?
a rival ?
4 .
how does foe compare with enemy ?
examples .
he makes no friend who never made a - - - - .
this friendship that possesses the whole soul , . . .
can admit of no - - - - .
mountains interposed make - - - - of nations who had else , like kindred drops been molded into one .
he that wrestles with us strengthens our nerves and sharpens our skill .
our - - - - is our helper .
* * * * *
enmity ( page 152 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is enmity ?
2 .
how does animosity differ from enmity ?
3 .
what is hostility ?
what is meant by hostilities between nations ?
4 .
what is bitterness ?
acrimony ?
5 .
how does antagonism compare with the words above mentioned ?
examples .
let all - - - - , and wrath , and anger , and clamor , and evil speaking , be put away from you , with all malice .
but their - - - - , tho smothered for a while , burnt with redoubled violence .
the carnal mind is - - - - against god , for it is not subject to the law of god , neither indeed can be .
* * * * *
entertain ( page 152 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to entertain mentally ?
to amuse ?
2 .
what is the distinctive sense of divert ?
3 .
can one be amused or entertained who is not diverted ?
4 .
what is it to recreate ?
to beguile ?
examples .
books can not always - - - - , however good ; minds are not ever craving for their food .
who god doth late and early pray more of his grace than gifts to lend ; and - - - - the harmless day with a religious book or friend .
* * * * *
entertainment ( page 153 ) .
questions .
1 .
what do entertainment and recreation imply ?
how , accordingly , do they rank among the lighter matters of life ?
2 .
how do amusement and pastime differ ?
3 .
on what plane are sports ?
how do they compare with entertainment and recreation ?
4 .
how do amusement and enjoyment compare ?
examples .
at christmas play , and make good - - - - , for christmas comes but once a year .
it is as - - - - to fools to do mischief .
no true heart can find - - - - in another's pain or grief .
the puritans hated bear - baiting , not because it gave pain to the bear , but because it gave - - - - to the spectators .
as tammie glowered , amazed and curious , the mirth and - - - - grew fast and furious .
and so , if i might be judge , god never did make a more calm , quiet , innocent - - - - than angling .
* * * * *
enthusiasm ( page 153 ) .
questions .
1 .
in what sense was enthusiasm formerly used ?
2 .
what is now its prevalent and controlling meaning ?
3 .
how does zeal differ from enthusiasm ?
examples .
an ardent - - - - leads to great results in exposing certain evils .
his - - - - was contagious and they rushed into battle .
the precept had its use ; it could make men feel it right to be humane , and desire to be so , but it could never inspire them with an - - - - of humanity .
* * * * *
entrance ( page 154 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what does entrance refer ?
2 .
what do admittance and admission add to the meaning of entrance ?
3 .
to what does admittance refer ?
to what additional matters does admission refer ?
illustrate .
4 .
what is the figurative use of entrance ?
examples .
- - - - was obtained by a side - door , and a good position secured to the crowded hall .
no - - - - except on business .
he was never so engrossed with cares of state that the needy could not have - - - - to him .
however carefully church - membership may be guarded , unworthy members will sometimes gain - - - - .
* * * * *
envious ( page 155 ) .
questions .
1 .
what do we mean when we say that a person is envious ?
2 .
what is the difference between envious and jealous ?
3 .
is an envious spirit ever good ?
4 .
is jealous capable of being used in a good sense ?
5 .
in what sense is suspicious used ?
examples .
neither be thou - - - - against the workers of iniquity .
- - - - in honor , sudden and quick in quarrel .
* * * * *
equivocal ( page 155 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the derivation and the original signification of equivocal ?
of ambiguous ?
how do the two words compare in present use ?
2 .
what is the meaning of enigmatical ?
3 .
how do doubtful and dubious compare ?
4 .
in what sense is questionable used ?
suspicious ?
examples .
these sentences , to sugar or to gall , being strong on both sides , are - - - - .
an - - - - statement may result from the thoughtless use of a single word that is capable of more than one meaning .
* * * * *
esteem , n .
( page 157 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the difference between esteem and estimate ?
2 .
is esteem now used of concrete valuation ?
3 .
what is its chief present use ?
4 .
what is its meaning in popular use as said of persons ?
examples .
they please , are pleas'd ; they give to get - - - - , till seeming blest , they grow to what they seem .
the loss of conscience or honor is one that can not be - - - - .
* * * * *
eternal ( page 157 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of eternal in the fullest sense ?
2 .
to what being , in that sense , may it be applied ?
3 .
in what does everlasting fall short of the meaning of eternal ?
4 .
how does endless agree with and differ from everlasting ?
5 .
in what inferior senses are everlasting and interminable used ?
6 .
is eternal , in good speech or writing , ever brought down to such inferior use ?
examples .
truth crushed to earth shall rise again , the - - - - years of god are hers .
whatever may befall thee , it was preordained for thee from - - - - .
it were better to be eaten to death with a rust than to be scoured to nothing with - - - - motion .
here comes the lady !
oh , so light a foot will ne'er wear out the - - - - flint .
* * * * *
event ( page 158 ) .
questions .
1 .
how do event and incident differ etymologically ?
2 .
which is the greater and more important ?
give examples .
3 .
how does circumstance compare with incident ?
4 .
what is the primary meaning of occurrence ?
5 .
what is an episode ?
6 .
how does event differ from end ?
7 .
what meaning does event often have when applied to the future ?
examples .
fate shall yield to fickle - - - - , and chaos judge the strife .
men are the sport of - - - - when the - - - - seem the sport of men .
coming - - - - cast their shadows before .
where an equal poise of hope and fear does arbitrate the - - - - , my nature is that i incline to hope rather than fear , and gladly banish squint suspicion .
* * * * *
every ( page 158 ) .
questions .
1 .
in what are all and both alike ?
any , each , and every ?
2 .
how does any differ from each and every ?
3 .
how do each and every differ from all ?
4 .
how does each compare with every ?
with both ?
5 .
what does either properly denote ?
in what other sense is it often used ?
what is the objection to the latter use ?
examples .
- - - - person in the room arose to his feet .
a free pardon was offered to - - - - who should instantly lay down their arms .
as the garrison marched out , the victorious troops stood in arms on - - - - side of the way .
in order to keep his secret inviolate , he revealed it privately to - - - - of his most intimate friends .
- - - - person giving such information shall be duly rewarded .
* * * * *
evident ( page 159 ) .
questions .
1 .
how do apparent and evident compare ?
2 .
what is the special sense of manifest ?
how does it compare in strength with evident ?
3 .
what is the sense of obvious ?
4 .
how wide is the range of visible ?
5 .
how does discernible compare with visible ?
what does it imply as to the observer's action ?
6 .
what is the sense of palpable and tangible ?
conspicuous ?
examples .
a paradox is a real truth in the guise of an - - - - absurdity or contradiction .
the prime minister was - - - - by his absence .
the statement is a - - - - absurdity .
on a comparison of the two works the plagiarism was - - - - .
yet from those flames no light ; but only darkness - - - - .
these lies are like the father that begets them ; gross as a mountain , open , - - - - .
* * * * *
example ( page 160 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the etymological meaning of example ?
2 .
what two contradictory meanings does example derive from this primary sense ?
3 .
how does example differ from sample ?
4 .
how does it compare with model ?
with pattern ?
5 .
how does exemplar agree with , and differ from example ?
6 .
what is an exemplification ?
an ensample ?
examples .
i bid him look into the lives of men as tho himself a mirror , and from others to take an - - - - for himself .
we sleep , but the loom of life never stops and the - - - - which was weaving when the sun went down is weaving when it comes up to - morrow .
history is an - - - - of philosophy .
the commander was resolved to make an - - - - to deter others from the like offense .
* * * * *
excess ( page 160 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is excess ?
is it used in the favorable or unfavorable sense ?
2 .
what is extravagance ?
3 .
what is exorbitance ?
4 .
what kind of excess do overplus and superabundance denote ?
lavishness and profusion ?
5 .
is surplus used in the favorable or unfavorable sense ?
6 .
to what do redundance and redundancy chiefly refer ?
7 .
what words are used as synonyms of excess in the moral sense ?
examples .
saving requires self - denial , and - - - - is the death of self - denial .
where there is great - - - - there usually follows corresponding - - - - .
- - - - of wealth is cause of covetousness .
haste brings - - - - , and - - - - brings want .
the - - - - of the demand caused unfeigned surprise .
more of the present woes of the world are due to - - - - than to any other single cause .
- - - - of language often weakens the impression of what would be impressive in sober statement .
* * * * *
execute ( page 161 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of execute ?
of administer ?
of enforce ?
2 .
how are the words applied in special cases ?
give instances .
3 .
what secondary meaning has administer ?
examples .
it is the place of the civil magistrate to - - - - the laws .
the pasha gave a signal and three attendants seized the culprit , and promptly - - - - the bastinado .
i can not illustrate a moral duty without at the same time - - - - ing a precept of our religion .
* * * * *
exercise ( page 162 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of exercise apart from all qualifying words ?
2 .
how does exercise in that sense differ from exertion ?
3 .
how may exercise be brought up to the full meaning of exertion ?
4 .
what is practise ?
how does it differ from exercise ?
5 .
how is practise discriminated from such theory or profession ?
6 .
what is drill ?
examples .
regular - - - - tends to keep body and mind in the best working order .
- - - - in time becomes second nature .
by constant - - - - the most difficult feats may be done with no apparent - - - - .
* * * * *
expense ( page 162 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is cost ?
expense ?
2 .
how are these words now commonly differentiated ?
3 .
what is the meaning of outlay ?
of outgo ?
examples .
which of you , intending to build a tower , sitteth not down first , and counteth the - - - - , whether he have sufficient to finish it .
the entire receipts have not equaled the - - - - .
when the - - - - is more than the income , if the income can not be increased , it becomes an absolute necessity to reduce the - - - - .
* * * * *
explicit ( page 162 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what are explicit and express alike opposed ?
2 .
how do the two words differ from each other ?
examples .
i came here at this critical juncture by the - - - - order of sir john st .
clare .
the language of the proposition was too - - - - to admit of doubt .
now the spirit speaketh - - - - ly that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith .
* * * * *
extemporaneous ( page 163 ) .
questions .
1 .
what did extemporaneous originally mean ?
2 .
what has it now come to signify in common use ?
3 .
what is the original meaning of impromptu ?
the present meaning ?
4 .
how does the impromptu remark often differ from the extemporaneous ?
5 .
how does unpremeditated compare with the words above mentioned ?
examples .
in - - - - prayer , what men most admire , god least regardeth .
as a speaker , he excelled in - - - - address , while his opponent was at a loss to answer him because not gifted in the same way .
no more on prancing palfrey borne , he carolled light as lark at morn , and poured to lord and lady gay the - - - - lay .
* * * * *
exterminate ( page 163 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the derivation , and what is the original meaning of exterminate ?
eradicate ?
extirpate ?
2 .
to what are these words severally applied ?
examples .
since the building of the pacific railroads in the united states , the buffalo has been quite - - - - .
the evil of intemperance is one exceedingly difficult to - - - - .
no inveterate improver should ever tempt me to - - - - the dandelions from the green carpet of my lawn .
* * * * *
faint ( page 164 ) .
questions .
1 .
what are the chief meanings of faint ?
2 .
how is faint a synonym of feeble or purposeless ?
of irresolute or timid ?
of dim , faded , or indistinct ?
examples .
great is the strength of - - - - arms combined , and we can combat even with the brave .
in his right hand a tipped staffe he held , with which his - - - - steps he stayed still ; for he was - - - - with cold , and weak with eld ; that scarce his loosed limbs he hable was to weld
.
* * * * *
faith ( page 164 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is belief ?
2 .
how does credence compare with belief ?
3 .
what is conviction ?
assurance ?
4 .
what is an opinion ?
5 .
how does a persuasion compare with an opinion ?
6 .
what is a doctrine ?
a creed ?
7 .
what are confidence and reliance ?
8 .
what is trust ?
9 .
what elements are combined in faith ?
10 .
how is belief often used in popular language as a precise equivalent of faith ?
11 .
how is belief discriminated from faith in the strict religious sense ?
examples .
- - - - is the substance of things hoped for , the evidence of things not seen .
put not your - - - - in princes , nor in the son of man , in whom there is no help .
- - - - is largely involuntary ; a mathematical demonstration can not be doubted by a sane mind capable of understanding the terms and following the steps .
every one of us , whatever our speculative - - - - , knows better than he practises , and recognizes a better law than he obeys .
there are few greater dangers for an army in the face of an enemy than undue - - - - .
* * * * *
faithful ( page 165 ) .
questions .
1 .
in what sense may a person be called faithful ?
2 .
in what sense may one be called trusty ?
3 .
is faithful commonly said of things as well as persons ?
is trusty ?
4 .
what is the special difference of meaning between the two words ?
give examples .
examples .
be thou - - - - unto death , and i will give thee a crown of life .
thy purpose - - - - is equal to the deed : who does the best his circumstance allows does well , acts nobly ; angels could no more .
* * * * *
fame ( page 166 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is fame ?
is it commonly used in the favorable or unfavorable sense ?
2 .
what are reputation and repute , and in which sense commonly used ?
3 .
what is notoriety ?
4 .
from what do eminence and distinction result ?
5 .
how does celebrity compare with fame ?
6 .
how does renown compare with fame ?
7 .
what is the import of honor ?
of glory ?
examples .
saying , amen : blessing and - - - - , and wisdom , and thanksgiving , and - - - - , and power and might , be unto our god for ever and ever .
a good - - - - is more valuable than money .
great homer's birthplace seven rival cities claim , too mighty such monopoly of - - - - .
do good by stealth , and blush to find it - - - - .
seeking the bubble - - - - even in the cannon's mouth .
* * * * *
fanaticism ( page 166 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is fanaticism ?
bigotry ?
2 .
what do fanaticism and bigotry commonly include ?
3 .
what is intolerance ?
4 .
what is the distinctive meaning of superstition ?
5 .
what is credulity ?
is it distinctively religious ?
examples .
- - - - is a senseless fear of god .
the fierce - - - - of the moslems was the mainspring of their early conquests .
the - - - - that will believe nothing contrary to a creed is often joined with a blind - - - - that will believe anything in favor of it .
* * * * *
fanciful ( page 167 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of fanciful ?
2 .
what does fantastic add to the meaning of fanciful ?
3 .
how does grotesque especially differ from the fanciful or fantastic ?
4 .
how does visionary differ from fanciful ?
examples .
come see the north wind's masonry , . . .
his wild work ; so - - - - , so savage , naught cares he for number or proportion .
what - - - - tints the year puts on , when falling leaves falter through motionless air or numbly cling and shiver to be gone !
plays such - - - - tricks before high heaven as make the angels weep .
* * * * *
fancy ( page 167 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is an intellectual fancy ?
2 .
how does a conceit differ from a fancy ?
a conception from both ?
3 .
what is an emotional or personal fancy ?
4 .
what is fancy as a faculty of the mind ?
examples .
tell me where is - - - - bred ; or in the heart or in the head ?
elizabeth united the occasional - - - - of her sex with that sense and sound policy in which neither man nor woman ever excelled her .
that fellow seems to me to possess but one - - - - , and that is a wrong one .
if she were to take a - - - - to anybody in the house , she would soon settle , but not till then .
* * * * *
farewell ( page 168 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what language do farewell and good - by belong etymologically ?
how do they differ ?
2 .
from what language have adieu and conge been adopted into english ?
3 .
what is the special significance of conge ?
4 .
what are valediction and valedictory ?
examples .
- - - - my paper's out so nearly i've only room for yours sincerely .
the train from out the castle drew , but marmion stopped to bid - - - - .
- - - - !
a word that must be , and hath been - - a sound which makes us linger ; - - yet - - - - - - .
* * * * *
fear ( page 168 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the generic term of this group ?
2 .
what is fear ?
is it sudden or lingering ?
in view of what class of dangers ?
3 .
what is the etymological meaning of horror ?
what does the word signify in accepted usage ?
4 .
what are the characteristics of affright , fright , and terror ?
5 .
how is fear contrasted with fright and terror in actual or possible effects ?
6 .
what is panic ?
what of the numbers affected by it ?
7 .
what is dismay ?
how does it compare with fright and terror ?
examples .
even the bravest men may be swept along in a sudden - - - - .
with much more - - - - i view the fight than thou that mak'st the fray .
look in , and see christ's chosen saint in triumph wear his christ - like chain ; no - - - - lest he should swerve or faint .
the ghastly spectacle filled every beholder with - - - - .
a lingering - - - - crept upon him as he waited in the darkness .
* * * * *
feminine ( page 169 ) .
questions .
1 .
how are female and feminine discriminated ?
2 .
what is the difference between a female voice and a feminine voice ?
3 .
how are womanly and womanish discriminated in use ?
examples .
notice , too , how precious are these - - - - qualities in the sick room .
the demand for closet - room is no mere - - - - fancy , but the good sense of the sex .
* * * * *
fetter ( page 169 ) .
questions .
1 .
what are fetters in the primary sense ?
2 .
what are manacles and handcuffs designed to fasten or hold ?
gyves ?
3 .
what are shackles and what are they intended to fasten or hold ?
4 .
of what material are all these restraining devices commonly composed ?
by what general name are they popularly known ?
5 .
what are bonds and of what material composed ?
6 .
which of these words are used in the metaphorical sense ?
examples .
but first set my poor heart free , bound in those icy - - - - by thee .
slaves can not breathe in england .
.
.
they touch our country , and their - - - - fall .
* * * * *
feud ( page 170 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a feud ?
of what is it used ?
2 .
is a quarrel in word or act ?
contention ?
strife ?
contest ?
3 .
how does quarrel compare in importance with the other words cited ?
4 .
what does an affray always involve ?
to what may a brawl or broil be confined ?
5 .
how do these words compare in dignity with contention , contest , controversy , and dissension ?
examples .
could we forbear - - - - and practise love we should agree as angels do above .
" between my house and yours , " he answered , " there is a - - - - of five hundred years . "
beware of entrance to a - - - - .
* * * * *
fiction ( page 170 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a fiction in the most common modern meaning of the word ?
2 .
how does a fiction differ from a novel ?
from a fable ?
from a myth ?
3 .
how does a myth differ from a legend ?
4 .
how do falsehood and fabrication differ from the words above mentioned ?
5 .
is fabrication or falsehood the more odious term ?
which term is really the stronger ?
6 .
what is a story ?
is it good or bad , true or false ?
with what words of the group does it agree ?
examples .
o scenes surpassing - - - - , and yet true , scenes of accomplished bliss .
a - - - - strange is told of thee .
i believe the whole account from beginning to end to be a pure - - - - .
a thing sustained by such substantial evidence could not be a mere - - - - of the imagination .
* * * * *
fierce ( page 171 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does fierce signify ?
2 .
to what does ferocious refer ?
how do the two words differ ?
3 .
what does savage signify ?
examples .
- - - - was the day ; the wintry sea moaned sadly on new england's strand , when first the thoughtful and the free , our fathers , trod the desert land .
contentions - - - - , ardent , and dire , spring from no petty cause .
the - - - - savages massacred the survivors to the last man .
* * * * *
financial ( page 172 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what does monetary directly refer ?
2 .
how does pecuniary agree with and differ from monetary ?
3 .
to what does financial especially apply ?
4 .
in what connection is fiscal most commonly used ?
examples .
the - - - - year closes with the society out of debt .
he was rejoiced to receive the - - - - aid at a time when it was most needed .
in a - - - - panic , many a sound business house goes down for want of power to realize instantly on valuable securities .
* * * * *
fine ( page 172 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what is fine derived , and what is its original meaning ?
2 .
how , from this primary meaning does fine become a synonym of excellent and beautiful ?
3 .
how does it come into connection with clarified , clear , pure , refined ?
4 .
how is it connected with dainty , delicate , and exquisite ?
5 .
how does fine come to be a synonym for minute , comminuted ?
how for filmy , tenuous ?
for keen , sharp ?
give instances of the use of fine in its various senses .
examples .
some people are more - - - - than wise .
- - - - feathers do not always make - - - - birds .
the - - - - est balances must be kept under glass , because so - - - - ly adjusted as to be - - - - to a film of dust or a breath of air .
* * * * *
fire ( page 173 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the essential fact underlying the visible phenomena which we call fire ?
2 .
what is combustion ?
3 .
how wide is its range of meaning ?
4 .
what is a conflagration ?
examples .
he's gone , and who knows how he may report thy words by adding fuel to the - - - - ?
lo !
as he comes , in heaven's array , and scattering wide the - - - - of day .
* * * * *
flock ( page 173 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the most general word of this group ?
2 .
what is a group , and of what class of objects may it be composed ?
3 .
to what class of animals does brood apply ?
to what class does litter apply ?
4 .
of what is bevy used ?
flock ?
5 .
to what is herd limited ?
6 .
of what is pack used ?
7 .
what is a drove ?
examples .
what is not good for the - - - - is not good for the bee .
he heard the bleating of the - - - - s and the twitter of birds among the trees .
the lowing - - - - winds slowly o'er the lea .
excited - - - - s gathered at the corners discussing the affair .
a - - - - of brightly clad women and children were enjoying a picnic under the trees .
* * * * *
fluctuate ( page 173 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of fluctuate ?
2 .
in what one characteristic do swerve and veer differ from oscillate , fluctuate , undulate , and waver ?
3 .
what is the difference in mental action between hesitate and waver ?
between vacillate and waver ?
4 .
which of the above - mentioned words apply to persons ?
which to feelings ?
examples .
thou almost mak'st me - - - - in my faith .
the surface of the prairies rolls and - - - - to the eye .
it is almost universally true that the human mind - - - - at the moment of committing a crime .
the vessel suddenly - - - - from her course .
* * * * *
fluid ( page 174 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a fluid ?
2 .
into what two sections are fluids divided ?
3 .
what is a liquid ?
a gas ?
4 .
are all liquids fluids ?
5 .
are gases fluids ?
6 .
are gases ever liquids ?
7 .
what substance is at once a liquid and a fluid at the ordinary temperature and pressure ?
examples .
now nature paints her colors , how the bee sits on the bloom , extracting - - - - sweet .
this earth was once a - - - - haze of light .
* * * * *
follow ( page 174 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to follow ?
2 .
how does follow compare with chase and pursue ?
3 .
as regards succession in time , what is the difference between follow and ensue ?
result ?
examples .
say , shall my little bark attendant sail , - - - - the triumph and partake the gale ?
when youth and pleasure meet to - - - - the glowing hours with flying feet .
" then - - - - me , the prince , " i answered ; " each be hero in his turn !
seven and yet one , like shadows in a dream . "
* * * * *
formidable ( page 176 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of formidable ?
2 .
how does formidable differ from dangerous ?
terrible ?
tremendous ?
give examples .
examples .
all delays are - - - - in war .
- - - - as an army with banners .
the great fleet moved slowly toward the forts , a - - - - array .
* * * * *
fortification ( page 176 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does a fortress specifically differ from a fortification ?
2 .
what is the distinctive meaning of citadel ?
3 .
what is a fort ?
4 .
what is a fastness or stronghold ?
examples .
for a man's house is his - - - - .
a mighty - - - - is our god , a bulwark never failing ; our helper he amid the flood of mortal ills prevailing .
alva built a - - - - in the heart of antwerp to overawe the city .
* * * * *
fortitude ( page 176 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is fortitude ?
2 .
how does it compare with courage ?
3 .
how do resolution and endurance compare ?
examples .
unbounded - - - - and compassion join'd , tempering each other in the victor's mind .
tell thy story ; if thine , consider'd , prove the thousandth part of my - - - - , thou art a man , and i have suffer'd like a girl .
thou didst smile , infused with a - - - - from heaven , when i had decked the sea with drops full salt .
* * * * *
fortunate ( page 177 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does fortunate compare with successful ?
2 .
how are lucky and fortunate discriminated ?
3 .
in what special sense , and with what reference are favored and prospered used ?
examples .
it is not a - - - - word this same " impossible ; " no good comes of those that have it so often in their mouth .
ah , - - - - years !
once more who would not be a boy ?
i have a mind presages me such thrift that i should questionless be - - - - .
* * * * *
fraud ( page 177 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a fraud ?
how does it differ from deceit or deception ?
2 .
what is the design of an imposture ?
3 .
what is dishonesty ?
a cheat ?
a swindle ?
how do all these fall short of the meaning of fraud ?
4 .
of what relations is treachery used ?
treason ?
examples .
- - - - doth never prosper : what's the reason ?
why , if it prosper none dare call it - - - - .
whoever has once become notorious by base - - - - , even if he speaks truth gains no belief .
the first and the worst of all - - - - is to cheat oneself .
* * * * *
friendly ( page 178 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does friendly signify as applied to persons , or as applied to acts ?
2 .
how does the adjective friendly compare in strength with the noun friend ?
3 .
what is the special meaning of accessible ?
of companionable and sociable ?
of cordial and genial ?
examples .
he that hath friends must show himself - - - - .
a fellow feeling makes one wondrous - - - - .
* * * * *
friendship ( page 179 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is friendship ?
2 .
in what one quality does it differ from affection , attachment , devotion , and friendliness ?
3 .
what is the meaning of comity and amity ?
4 .
how does friendship differ from love ?
examples .
talk not of wasted - - - - , - - - - never was wasted ; if it enrich not the heart of another , its waters returning back to their springs , like the rain , shall fill them full of refreshment .
- - - - , peculiar boon of heaven , the noble mind's delight and pride , to men and angels only given , to all the lower world denied .
* * * * *
frighten ( page 180 ) .
questions .
1 .
by what is one frightened ?
by what intimidated ?
2 .
what is it to browbeat or cow ?
3 .
what is it to scare or terrify ?
examples .
the child was - - - - by the stories the nurse told .
the loud , loud winds , that o'er the billows sweep - - shake the firm nerve , - - - - the bravest soul !
* * * * *
frugality ( page 180 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is economy ?
2 .
what is frugality ?
3 .
what is parsimony ?
how does it compare with frugality ?
what is the motive of parsimony ?
4 .
what is miserliness ?
5 .
what is the special characteristic of prudence and providence ?
of thrift ?
6 .
what is the motive of economy ?
examples .
there are but two ways of paying debt : increase of industry in raising , increase of - - - - in laying out .
by close - - - - the little home was at last paid for and there was a great thanksgiving time .
* * * * *
garrulous ( page 181 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does garrulous signify ?
chattering ?
2 .
how do talkative and loquacious differ from garrulous , and from each other ?
3 .
what is the special application of verbose ?
examples .
to tame a shrew , and charm her - - - - tongue .
guard against a feeble fluency , a - - - - prosiness , a facility of saying nothing .
* * * * *
gender ( page 181 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is sex ?
2 .
to what beings only does sex apply ?
3 .
what is gender ?
to what does it apply ?
do the distinctions of gender correspond to the distinctions of sex ?
give examples of languages containing three genders , and of the classification in languages containing but two .
examples .
the maternal relation naturally and necessarily divides the work of the - - - - s giving to woman the indoor life , and to man , the work of the outer world .
while in french every word is either of the masculine or feminine - - - - , the language sometimes fails for that very reason to indicate the - - - - of some person referred to .
* * * * *
general ( page 181 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does general signify ?
2 .
how does general compare with universal ?
with common ?
3 .
what illustrations of the differences are given in the text ?
examples .
- - - - friendships will admit of division , one may love the beauty of this , the good humor of that person , . . .
and so on .
a - - - - feeling of unrest prevailed .
death comes to all by - - - - law .
* * * * *
generous ( page 182 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the primary meaning of generous ?
the common meaning ?
2 .
how does generous differ from liberal ?
3 .
what is the distinctive sense of munificent ?
4 .
what does munificent tell of the motive or spirit of the giver ?
what does generous tell ?
5 .
how does disinterested compare with generous ?
6 .
what is the distinctive meaning of magnanimous ?
how does it differ from generous as regards dealing with insults or injuries ?
examples .
to cunning men i will be very kind ; and - - - - to mine own children , in good bringing up .
a - - - - friendship no cold medium knows , burns with one love , with one resentment glows .
the conqueror proved as - - - - in victory as he was terrible in battle .
* * * * *
genius ( page 183 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is genius ?
2 .
what is talent ?
3 .
which is the higher quality ?
4 .
which is the more dependent upon training ?
examples .
the eternal master found his single - - - - well employ'd .
no great - - - - was ever without some mixture of madness .
* * * * *
get ( page 183 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a person said to get ?
2 .
how is get related to expectation or desire ?
how is gain related to those words ?
3 .
by what processes does one acquire ?
is the thing acquired sought or desired , or not ?
4 .
what does one earn ?
5 .
does a person always get what he earns or always earn what he gets ?
6 .
what does obtain imply ?
is the thing one obtains an object of desire ?
how does obtain differ from get ?
7 .
what does win imply ?
how is one said to win a suit at law ?
what is the correct term in legal phrase ?
why ?
8 .
by what special element does procure differ from obtain ?
9 .
what is especially implied in secure ?
examples .
he - - - - a living as umbrella mender but a poor living it is .
- - - - wisdom and with all thy getting , - - - - understanding .
in the strange city he found that all his learning would not - - - - him a dinner .
* * * * *
gift ( page 184 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a gift ?
is gift used in the good or the bad sense ?
does the legal agree with the popular sense ?
2 .
what synonymous word is always used in the evil sense ?
3 .
what is a benefaction ?
a donation ?
what difference of usage is recognized between the two words ?
4 .
what is a gratuity , and to whom given ?
5 .
what is the sense and use of largess ?
6 .
what is a present , and to whom given ?
7 .
what is the special sense of boon ?
8 .
what is a grant , and by whom made ?
examples .
he gave us only over beast , fish , fowl , dominion absolute ; that right we hold by his - - - - .
true love's the - - - - which god has given to man alone beneath the heaven .
" - - - - , - - - - , noble knights , " cried the heralds .
the courts of justice had fallen so low that it was practically impossible to win a cause without a - - - - .
* * * * *
give ( page 185 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the primary meaning of give ?
the secondary meaning ?
2 .
can we give what is undesired ?
3 .
can we give what we are paid for ?
4 .
how is give always understood when there is no limitation in the context ?
5 .
is it correct to say " he gave it to me for nothing " ?
6 .
what is to grant ?
7 .
what is implied when we speak of granting a favor ?
8 .
what is to confer ?
9 .
what is especially implied in impart ?
in bestow ?
examples .
my god shall - - - - all your need according to his riches in glory by christ jesus .
- - - - to every man that asketh of thee , and from him that would borrow of thee , turn not thou away .
the court promptly - - - - the injunction .
the king - - - - upon him the honor of knighthood .
one of the pleasantest things in life is to - - - - instruction to those who really desire to learn .
* * * * *
govern ( page 185 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does the word govern imply ?
how does it differ from control ?
2 .
how do command and control differ ?
3 .
how do rule and govern differ ?
4 .
what is the special significance of sway ?
of mold ?
5 .
what is it to manage ?
6 .
what is the present meaning of reign ?
how does it compare with rule ?
examples .
he that - - - - his spirit is greater than he that taketh a city .
for some must follow , and some - - - - tho all are made of clay .
daniel webster well described the character of " old hickory " in the sentence , " i do not say that general jackson did not mean to - - - - his country well , but i do say that general jackson meant to - - -
- his country . "
* * * * *
graceful ( page 186 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does graceful denote ?
how is it especially distinguished from beautiful ?
examples .
how - - - - upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings that publisheth peace .
a - - - - myrtle rear'd its head .
* * * * *
grief ( page 187 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is grief ?
2 .
how does grief compare with sorrow ?
with sadness ?
with melancholy ?
3 .
what two chief senses has affliction ?
4 .
what is implied in mourning , in its most common acceptation ?
examples .
we glory in - - - - also .
for our light - - - - which is but for a moment , worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory .
what private - - - - they have , alas !
i know not , that made them do it .
* * * * *
habit ( page 187 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is custom ?
routine ?
which is the more mechanical ?
2 .
what element does habit add to custom and routine ?
3 .
should we preferably use custom or habit of a society ?
of an individual ?
4 .
what is fashion ?
rule ?
system ?
5 .
what are use and usage , and how do they differ from each other ?
6 .
what is practise ?
7 .
what is the distinctive meaning of wont ?
examples .
every - - - - is preserved and increased by correspondent actions , as the - - - - of walking by walking , of running by running .
montaigne is wrong in declaring that - - - - ought to be followed simply because it is - - - - , and not because it is reasonable or just .
lord brougham says " the longer i live the more careful i am to entrust everything that i really care to do to the beneficent power of - - - - . "
- - - - makes perfect .
without - - - - little that is valuable is ever learned or done .
* * * * *
happen ( page 188 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does happen signify ?
2 .
how does it differ from chance ?
3 .
what is the distinctive meaning of betide ?
4 .
how do both befall and betide differ from happen in grammatical construction ?
5 .
what is the meaning of supervene ?
6 .
is transpire correctly used in the sense of happen ?
when may an event be properly said to transpire ?
examples .
whatever - - - - at all - - - - as it should .
thou sowest not that body that shall be , but bear grain , it may - - - - of wheat , or of some other grain .
ill - - - - the graceless renegade !
it - - - - that a secret treaty had been previously concluded between the powers .
if mischief - - - - him , thou shalt bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave .
* * * * *
happiness ( page 189 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is gratification ?
satisfaction ?
2 .
what is happiness ?
3 .
how does happiness differ from comfort ?
4 .
how does comfort differ from enjoyment ?
5 .
how does pleasure compare with comfort and enjoyment ?
with happiness ?
6 .
what do gratification and satisfaction express ?
how do they compare with each other ?
7 .
how does happiness compare with gratification , satisfaction , comfort , and pleasure ?
with delight and joy ?
8 .
what is delight ?
ecstasy ?
rapture ?
9 .
what is triumph ?
blessedness ?
bliss ?
examples .
sweet is - - - - after pain .
virtue alone is - - - - below .
hope elevates and - - - - brightens his crest .
the storm raged without , but within the house all was brightness and - - - - .
there is no - - - - so sweet and abiding as that of doing good .
this is the very - - - - of love .
* * * * *
happy ( page 190 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the original meaning of happy ?
with what words is it allied in this sense ?
2 .
in what way is happy a synonym of blessed ?
3 .
what is the meaning of happy in its most frequent present use ?
examples .
- - - - are they that mourn for they shall be comforted .
to what - - - - accident is it that we owe so unexpected a visit .
a - - - - heart maketh a - - - - countenance .
i would not spend another such a night , tho ' twere to buy a world of - - - - days .
* * * * *
harmony ( page 191 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is harmony ?
2 .
how does harmony compare with agreement ?
3 .
how do concord and accord compare with harmony and with each other ?
4 .
what is conformity ?
congruity ?
5 .
what is consistency ?
6 .
what is unanimity ?
7 .
how do consent and concurrence compare ?
examples .
we have made a covenant with death and with hell are we at - - - - .
tyrants have made desperate efforts to secure outward - - - - in religious observances without - - - - of religious belief .
that action and counteraction which , in the natural and in the political world , from the reciprocal struggle of discordant powers draws out the - - - - of the universe .
the speaker was , by general - - - - , allowed to proceed .
* * * * *
harvest ( page 192 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the original meaning of harvest ?
its later meaning ?
2 .
how does harvest compare with crop ?
3 .
what is produce ?
how does it differ from product ?
4 .
what is the meaning of proceeds ?
yield ?
return ?
5 .
is harvest capable of figurative use , and in what sense ?
6 .
what is the special meaning of harvest - home ?
harvest - tide ?
harvest - time ?
examples .
just tickle the earth with a hoe , and she laughs with an abundant - - - - .
and the ripe - - - - of the new - mown hay gives it a sweet and wholesome odor .
it soweth here with toil and care but the - - - - of love is there .
of no distemper , of no blast he died , but fell like autumn - - - - that mellowed long .
* * * * *
hatred ( page 193 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is repugnance ?
aversion ?
2 .
how does hatred compare with aversion as applied to persons ?
as applied to things ?
3 .
what is malice ?
malignity ?
4 .
what is spite ?
5 .
what are grudge , resentment , and revenge , and how do they compare with one another ?
examples .
heaven has no - - - - like love to - - - - turned .
the slight put upon him filled him with deep - - - - .
he ne'er bore - - - - for stalwart blow ta'en in fair fight from gallant foe .
in all cases of wilful injury to person or property , the law presumes - - - - .
i felt from our first meeting an instinctive - - - - for the man , which on acquaintance deepened into a settled - - - - .
* * * * *
have ( page 194 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what is have applied ?
how widely inclusive a word is it ?
2 .
what does possess signify ?
3 .
what is to hold ?
to occupy ?
4 .
how does be in possession compare with possess ?
5 .
how does own compare with possess or with be in possession ?
6 .
what is the difference between the statement that a man has reason , and the statement that he is in possession of his reason ?
examples .
son , thou art ever with me , and all that i - - - - is thine .
i earnestly entreat you , for your own sakes , to - - - - yourselves of solid reasons .
he occupies the house , but does not - - - - it .
* * * * *
hazard ( page 194 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of hazard ?
2 .
how does hazard compare with danger ?
3 .
how do risk and venture compare with chance and hazard , and with each other ?
4 .
how do accident and casualty differ ?
5 .
what is a contingency ?
examples .
we must take the current when it serves or lose our - - - - .
i have set my life upon a cast , and i will stand the - - - - of the die .
there is no - - - - in doing known duty .
do you think it necessary to provide for every - - - - before taking the first step ?
* * * * *
healthy ( page 195 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of healthy ?
of healthful ?
are the words properly interchangeable ?
2 .
what are the chief synonyms of healthy ?
of healthful ?
3 .
in what sense is salubrious used , and to what is it applied ?
4 .
to what realm does salutary belong ?
examples .
in books , or work , or - - - - play let my first years be passed .
blessed is the - - - - nature ; it is the coherent , sweetly cooperative , not the self - distracting one .
* * * * *
help ( page 195 ) .
questions .
1 .
is help or aid the stronger term ?
2 .
which is used in excitement or emergency ?
3 .
does help include aid or does aid include help ?
4 .
which implies the seconding of another's exertions ?
do we aid or help the helpless ?
5 .
how do cooperate and assist differ ?
6 .
to what do encourage and uphold refer ?
succor and support ?
examples .
he does not prevent a crime when he can - - - - it .
know then whatever cheerful and serene - - - - the mind - - - - the body too .
* * * * *
heretic ( page 196 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a heretic ?
a schismatic ?
2 .
in what does a heretic differ from his church or religious body ?
a schismatic ?
3 .
how do a heretic and a schismatic often differ in action ?
4 .
how are the terms dissenter and non - conformist usually applied ?
examples .
a man that is an - - - - , after the first and second admonition , reject .
churchmen and - - - - alike resisted the tyranny of james ii .
* * * * *
heterogeneous ( page 196 ) .
questions .
1 .
when are substances heterogeneous as regards each other ?
2 .
when is a mixture , as cement , said to be heterogeneous ?
when homogeneous ?
3 .
what is the special significance of non - homogeneous ?
4 .
how does miscellaneous differ from heterogeneous ?
examples .
my second son received a sort of - - - - education at home .
courtier and patriot can not mix their - - - - politics without an effervescence .
* * * * *
hide ( page 197 ) .
questions .
1 .
which is the most general term of this group , and what does it signify ?
2 .
is an object hidden by intention , or in what other way or ways , if any ?
3 .
does conceal evince intention ?
4 .
how does secrete compare with conceal ?
how is it chiefly used ?
5 .
what is it to cover ?
to screen ?
examples .
men use thought only as authority for their injustice , and employ speech only to - - - - their thoughts .
ye little stars !
- - - - your diminished rays .
* * * * *
high ( page 198 ) .
questions .
1 .
what kind of a term is high ?
what does it signify ?
give instances of the relative use of the word .
2 .
how does high compare with deep ?
to what objects may these words be severally applied ?
3 .
what is the special significance of tall ?
4 .
what element does lofty add to the meaning of high or tall ?
5 .
how do elevated and eminent compare in the literal sense ?
in the figurative ?
6 .
how do the words above mentioned compare with exalted ?
7 .
what contrasted uses has high in the figurative sense ?
8 .
what is towering in the literal , and in the figurative sense ?
examples .
a pillar'd shade , - - - - overarched , and echoing walks between .
a daughter of the gods , divinely - - - - and most divinely fair .
what is that which the breeze on the - - - - steep , as it fitfully blows , half conceals , half discloses ?
he knew himself to sing , and build the - - - - rime .
* * * * *
hinder ( page 199 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to hinder ?
2 .
how does hinder differ from delay ?
3 .
how does hinder compare with prevent ?
4 .
what is the meaning of retard ?
5 .
what is it to obstruct ?
to resist ?
how do these two words compare with each other ?
examples .
- - - - the devil , and he will flee from you .
my tears must stop , for every drop - - - - my needle and thread .
it is the study of mankind to - - - - that advance of age or death which can not be - - - - .
* * * * *
history ( page 200 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is history ?
how does it relate events ?
to what class of events does it apply ?
2 .
how does history differ from annals or chronicles ?
examples .
happy the people whose - - - - are dulled .
- - - - is little else than a picture of human crimes and misfortunes .
- - - - is philosophy teaching by example .
* * * * *
holy ( page 200 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of sacred ?
2 .
how does it compare with holy ?
3 .
which term do we apply directly to god ?
4 .
in what sense is divine loosely used ?
what is its more appropriate sense ?
examples .
the - - - - time is quiet as a nun breathless with adoration .
a - - - - burden is this life ye bear .
all sects and churches of christendom hold to some form of the doctrine of the - - - - inspiration of the christian scriptures .
* * * * *
home ( page 201 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the general sense of abode , dwelling , and habitation ?
what difference is there in the use of these words ?
2 .
from what language is home derived ?
what is its distinctive meaning ?
examples .
an - - - - giddy and unsure hath he that buildeth on the vulgar heart .
the attempt to abolish the ideal woman and keep the ideal - - - - is a predestinated failure .
a house without love may be a castle or a palace , but it is not a - - - - .
love is the life of a true - - - - .
* * * * *
honest ( page 202 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of honest in ordinary use ?
2 .
what is the meaning of honorable ?
3 .
how will the merely honest and the truly honorable man differ in action ?
4 .
what is honest in the highest and fullest sense ?
how , in this sense , does it differ from honorable ?
examples .
- - - - labor bears a lovely face .
an - - - - man's the noblest work of god .
no form of pure , undisguised murder will be any longer allowed to confound itself with the necessities of - - - - warfare .
* * * * *
horizontal ( page 202 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does horizontal signify ?
how does it compare with level ?
2 .
from what language is flat derived ?
3 .
what is its original meaning ?
its most common present sense ?
in what derived sense is it often used ?
4 .
what are the senses of plain and plane ?
examples .
sun and moon were in the - - - - sea sunk .
ample spaces o'er the smooth and - - - - pavement .
the prominent lines in greek architecture were - - - - , and not vertical .
* * * * *
hunt ( page 203 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a hunt ?
2 .
for what is a chase or pursuit conducted ?
a search ?
3 .
what does hunt ordinarily include ?
4 .
is it correct to use hunt when search only is contemplated ?
5 .
how are these words used in the figurative senses ?
examples .
among the inalienable rights of man are life , liberty , and the - - - - of happiness .
all things have an end , and so did our - - - - for lodgings .
the - - - - formed the principal amusement of our norman kings , who for that purpose retained in their possession forests in every part of the kingdom .
the - - - - is up , but they shall know the stag at bay's a dangerous foe .
* * * * *
hypocrisy ( page 204 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what language is pretense derived , and what does it signify ?
2 .
what is hypocrisy ?
3 .
what is cant ?
sanctimoniousness ?
4 .
what is pietism ?
formalism ?
sham ?
5 .
how does affectation compare with hypocrisy ?
examples .
let not the trojans , with a feigned - - - - of proffered peace , delude the latian prince .
- - - - is a fawning and flexible art , which accommodates itself to human feelings , and flatters the weakness of men in order that it may gain its own ends .
* * * * *
hypocrite ( page 204 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what language is hypocrite derived ?
what is its primary meaning ?
2 .
what common term includes the other words of the group ?
3 .
how are hypocrite and dissembler contrasted with each other ?
4 .
what element is common to the cheat and the impostor ?
how do the two compare with each other ?
examples .
it is the weakest sort of politicians that are the greatest - - - - .
i dare swear he is no - - - - but prays from his heart .
in the reign of henry vii . , an - - - - , named perkin warbeck , laid claim to the english crown .
* * * * *
hypothesis ( page 205 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a hypothesis ?
what is its use in scientific investigation and study ?
2 .
what is a guess ?
a conjecture ?
a supposition ?
a surmise ?
3 .
what implication does surmise ordinarily convey ?
what is a theory ?
a scheme ?
a speculation ?
how do they differ ?
examples .
- - - - , fancies , built on nothing firm .
there are no other limits to - - - - than those of the human mind .
the development - - - - , tho widely accepted by men of science fails of proof at many important points .
* * * * *
idea ( page 206 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what language is idea derived , and what did it originally mean ?
2 .
what did idea signify in early philosophical use ?
3 .
what is its present popular use , and with what words is it now synonymous ?
examples .
all rests with those who read .
a work or - - - - is what each makes it to himself .
he who comes up to his own - - - - of greatness must always have had a very low standard of it in his mind .
* * * * *
ideal ( page 206 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is an ideal ?
2 .
what is an archetype ?
a prototype ?
3 .
can a prototype be equivalent to an archetype ?
4 .
is an ideal primal , or the result of development ?
5 .
what is an original ?
6 .
what is the standard ?
how does it compare with the ideal ?
7 .
how are idea and ideal contrasted ?
examples .
be a - - - - to others and then all will go well .
the mind's the - - - - of the man .
every man has at times in his mind the - - - - of what he should be , but is not .
* * * * *
idiocy ( page 207 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is idiocy ?
2 .
what is imbecility ?
how does it compare with idiocy ?
3 .
how does insanity differ from idiocy or imbecility ?
4 .
how do folly and foolishness compare with idiocy ?
5 .
what is fatuity ?
stupidity ?
examples .
where ignorance is bliss , ' tis - - - - to be wise .
to expect an effect without a cause , or attainment without application , is little less than - - - - .
* * * * *
idle ( page 208 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what language is idle derived , and what is its original meaning ?
2 .
what does idle in present use properly denote ?
does it necessarily denote the absence of all action ?
3 .
what does lazy signify ?
how does it differ from idle ?
4 .
what does inert signify ?
sluggish ?
5 .
in what realm does slothful belong , and what does it denote ?
6 .
how does indolent compare with slothful ?
examples .
the - - - - stream was covered with a green scum .
never - - - - a moment , but thrifty and thoughtful of others .
as the door turneth upon his hinges , so doth the - - - - turn upon his bed .
* * * * *
ignorant ( page 208 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does ignorant signify ?
how wide is its range ?
2 .
what is the meaning of illiterate ?
3 .
how does unlettered compare with illiterate ?
examples .
so foolish was i and - - - - ; i was as a beast before thee .
a boy is better unborn than - - - - .
* * * * *
imagination ( page 209 ) .
questions .
1 .
into what two parts was imagination divided in the old psychology ?
2 .
what name is now preferably given to the so - called reproductive imagination by president porter and others ?
3 .
what is fantasy or phantasy ?
in what mental actions is it manifested ?
4 .
what is fantasy in ordinary usage ?
5 .
how is imagination defined ?
fancy ?
6 .
to what faculty of the mind do both of these activities or powers belong ?
7 .
in what other respects do imagination and fancy agree ?
what is the one great distinction between them ?
how do they respectively treat the material objects or images with which they deal ?
which power finds use in philosophy , science , and mechanical invention , and how ?
examples .
while - - - - , like the finger of a clock , runs the great circuit , and is still at home .
and as - - - - bodies forth the forms of things unknown , the poet's pen turns them to shapes , and gives to airy nothing a local habitation and a name .
* * * * *
immediately ( page 211 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the primary meaning of immediately ?
its meaning as an adverb of time ?
2 .
what did by and by formerly signify ?
what is its present meaning ?
3 .
what did directly formerly signify , and what does it now commonly mean ?
4 .
what change has presently undergone ?
5 .
is immediately losing anything of its force ?
what words now seem more emphatic ?
examples .
nothing is there to come , and nothing past , but an eternal - - - - does always last .
let us go up - - - - , and possess it ; for we are well able to overcome it .
obey me - - - - !
* * * * *
immerse ( page 212 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what language is dip derived ?
from what immerse ?
2 .
how do the two words differ in dignity ?
how as to the completeness of the action ?
how as to the continuance of the object in or under the liquid ?
3 .
which word is preferably used as to the rite of baptism ?
4 .
what does submerge imply ?
5 .
what are douse and duck ?
6 .
what special sense has dip which the other words do not share ?
examples .
trust no future , howe'er pleasant !
let the dead past - - - - its dead .
the ships of war , congress and cumberland , were - - - - by the merrimac .
when food can not be swallowed , life may be prolonged by - - - - the body in nutritive fluids .
* * * * *
imminent ( page 212 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what language is imminent derived and with what primary sense ?
impending ?
2 .
how do imminent and impending differ in present use ?
3 .
how does threatening differ from the two words above given ?
examples .
and nodding ilium waits the - - - - fall .
and these she does apply for warnings , portents , and evils - - - - .
* * * * *
impediment ( page 213 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does impediment primarily signify ?
obstacle ?
obstruction ?
2 .
how does obstacle differ from obstruction ?
3 .
what is a hindrance ?
4 .
is an impediment what one finds or what he carries ?
is it momentary or constant ?
what did the latin impedimenta signify ?
5 .
what is an encumbrance ?
how does it differ from an obstacle or obstruction ?
6 .
is a difficulty within one or without ?
examples .
something between a - - - - and a help .
thus far into the bowels of the land have we march'd without - - - - .
demosthenes became the foremost orator of the world in spite of an - - - - in his speech .
- - - - s overcome are the stepping - stones by which great men rise .
* * * * *
impudence ( page 213 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does impertinence primarily denote ?
what is its common acceptation ?
2 .
what is impudence ?
insolence ?
3 .
what is officiousness ?
4 .
what does rudeness suggest ?
examples .
with matchless - - - - they style a wife the dear - bought curse , and lawful plague of life .
it is better not to turn friendship into a system of lawful and unpunishable - - - - .
a certain class of ill - natured people mistake - - - - for frankness .
* * * * *
incongruous ( page 214 ) .
questions .
1 .
when are things said to be incongruous ?
2 .
to what is discordant applied ?
inharmonious ?
3 .
what does incompatible signify ?
when are things said to be incompatible ?
4 .
to what does inconsistent apply ?
5 .
what illustrations of the uses of these words are given in the text ?
6 .
what is the meaning of incommensurable ?
examples .
no solitude is so solitary as that of - - - - companionship .
i hear a strain - - - - as a merry dirge , or sacramental bacchanal might be .
* * * * *
induction ( page 215 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is deduction ?
induction ?
2 .
what is the proof of an induction ?
3 .
what process is ordinarily followed in what is known as scientific induction ?
4 .
how do deduction and induction compare as to the certainty of the conclusion ?
5 .
how does an induction compare with an inference ?
examples .
the longer one studies a vast subject the more cautious in - - - - he becomes .
perhaps the widest and best known - - - - of biology , is that organisms grow .
* * * * *
industrious ( page 215 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does busy differ from industrious ?
2 .
what is the implication if we say one is industrious just now ?
3 .
what does diligent add to the meaning of industrious ?
examples .
look cheerfully upon me , here , love ; thou see'st how - - - - i am .
the - - - - have no time for tears .
* * * * *
industry ( page 216 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is industry ?
2 .
what does assiduity signify as indicated by its etymology ?
diligence ?
3 .
how does application compare with assiduity ?
4 .
what is constancy ?
patience ?
perseverance ?
5 .
what is persistence ?
what implication does it frequently convey ?
6 .
how does industry compare with diligence ?
7 .
to what do labor and pains especially refer ?
examples .
honors come by - - - - ; riches spring from economy .
' tis - - - - supports us all .
there is no success in study without close , continuous , and intense - - - - .
his - - - - in wickedness would have won him enduring honor if it had taken the form of - - - - in a better cause .
* * * * *
infinite ( page 216 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what language is infinite derived , and with what meaning ?
to what may it be applied ?
2 .
how do countless , innumerable , and numberless compare with infinite ?
3 .
what is the use of boundless , illimitable , limitless , measureless , and unlimited ?
4 .
what are the dimensions of infinite space ?
what is the duration of infinite time ?
examples .
my bounty is as - - - - as the sea , my love as deep , the more i give to thee , the more i have , for both are - - - - .
man's inhumanity to man makes - - - - thousands mourn .
* * * * *
influence ( page 217 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to influence ?
is one influenced by external or internal force ?
2 .
to what kind of power does actuate refer ?
does one person actuate or influence another ?
3 .
what do prompt and stir imply ?
4 .
what is it to excite ?
5 .
what do incite and instigate signify ?
how do these two words differ ?
6 .
what do urge and impel imply ?
how do they differ in the source of the power exerted ?
7 .
what do drive and compel imply , and how do these two words compare with each other ?
examples .
he was - - - - by his own violent passions to desperate crime .
and well she can - - - - .
fine thoughts are wealth , for the right use of which men are and ought to be accountable , if not to thee , to those they - - - - .
* * * * *
inherent ( page 218 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does inherent signify ?
2 .
to what realm of thought does immanent belong ?
what does it signify ?
how does it differ from inherent ?
which is applied to the divine being ?
3 .
to what do congenital , innate , and inborn apply as distinguished from inherent and intrinsic ?
4 .
with what special reference does congenital occur in medical and legal use ?
5 .
what is the difference in use between innate and inborn ?
6 .
what does inbred add to the sense of innate or inborn ?
7 .
what is ingrained ?
examples .
an - - - - power in the life of the world .
all men have an - - - - right to life , liberty , and protection .
he evinced an - - - - stupidity that seemed almost tantamount to - - - - idiocy .
many philosophers hold that god is - - - - in nature .
any stable currency must be founded at last upon something , as gold or silver , that has - - - - value .
the wrongs and abuses which are - - - - in the very structure and constitution of society as it now exists throughout christendom .
* * * * *
injury ( page 219 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what language is injury derived ?
what is its primary meaning ?
its derived meaning ?
2 .
how inclusive a word is injury ?
3 .
from what is damage derived , and with what original sense ?
detriment ?
how do these words compare in actual use ?
4 .
how does damage compare with loss ?
how can a loss be said to be partial ?
5 .
what is evil , and with what frequent suggestion ?
6 .
what is harm ?
hurt ?
how do these words compare with injury ?
7 .
what is mischief ?
how caused , and with what intent ?
examples .
nothing can work me - - - - , except myself ; the - - - - that i sustain i carry about with me , and never am a real sufferer but by my own fault .
hippolyta , i woo'd thee with my sword , and won thy love , doing thee - - - - .
* * * * *
injustice ( page 220 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is injustice ?
2 .
how does wrong differ from injustice in legal use ?
how in popular use ?
3 .
what is iniquity in the legal sense ?
in the common sense ?
examples .
war in men's eyes shall be a monster of - - - - .
no man can mortgage his - - - - as a pawn for his fidelity .
such an act is an - - - - upon humanity .
* * * * *
innocent ( page 220 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does innocent in the full sense signify ?
2 .
is innocent positive or negative ?
how does it compare with righteous , upright , or virtuous ?
3 .
in what two applications may immaculate , pure , and sinless be used ?
4 .
with what limited sense is innocent used of moral beings ?
5 .
in what sense is innocent applied to inanimate substances ?
examples .
they are as - - - - as grace itself .
for blessings ever wait on - - - - deeds , and tho a late , a sure reward succeeds .
the wicked flee where no man pursueth , but the - - - - are bold as a lion .
a daughter , and a goodly babe ; . . .
the queen receives much comfort in't : says , my poor prisoner , i am - - - - as you .
* * * * *
inquisitive ( page 221 ) .
questions .
1 .
what are the characteristics of an inquisitive person ?
2 .
is inquisitive ever used in a good sense ?
what , in that sense , is ordinarily preferred ?
3 .
what does curious signify , and how does it differ from inquisitive ?
examples .
his was an anxiously - - - - mind , a scrupulously conscientious heart .
adrian was the most - - - - man that ever lived , and the most universal inquirer .
i am - - - - to know the cause of this sudden change of purpose .
* * * * *
insanity ( page 221 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is insanity in the widest sense ?
in its restricted use ?
which use is the more frequent ?
2 .
from what is lunacy derived ?
what did it originally imply ?
in what sense is it now used ?
3 .
what is madness ?
4 .
what is derangement ?
delirium ?
5 .
what is the specific meaning of dementia ?
6 .
what is aberration ?
7 .
what is the distinctive meaning of hallucination ?
8 .
what is monomania ?
9 .
what are frenzy and mania ?
examples .
go - - you may call it - - - - , folly - - you shall not chase my gloom away .
all power of fancy over reason is a degree of - - - - .
* * * * *
interpose ( page 222 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to interpose ?
2 .
how does intercede differ from interpose ?
3 .
what is it to intermeddle ?
how does it differ from meddle ?
from interfere ?
4 .
what do arbitrate and mediate involve ?
examples .
dion , his brother , - - - - for him and his life was saved .
nature has - - - - a natural barrier between england and the continent .
* * * * *
involve ( page 223 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what language is involve derived , and with what primary meaning ?
2 .
how does involve compare with implicate ?
3 .
are these words used in the favorable or the unfavorable sense ?
4 .
as regards results what is the difference between include , imply , and involve ?
examples .
rocks may be squeezed into new forms , bent , contorted , and - - - - .
an oyster - shell sometimes - - - - a pearl .
- - - - in other men's affairs , he went down to their ruin .
* * * * *
journey ( page 223 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what language is journey derived ?
what is its primary meaning ?
its present meaning ?
2 .
what is travel ?
how does it differ from journey ?
3 .
what was the former meaning of voyage ?
its present meaning ?
4 .
what is a trip ?
a tour ?
5 .
what is the meaning and common use of passage ?
of transit ?
6 .
what is the original meaning of pilgrimage ?
how is it now used ?
examples .
- - - - makes all men countrymen .
all the - - - - of their life is bound in shallows and in miseries .
it were a - - - - like the path to heaven , to help you find them .
* * * * *
judge ( page 224 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a judge in the legal sense ?
2 .
what other senses has the word judge in common use ?
3 .
what is a referee , and how appointed ?
an arbitrator ?
4 .
what is the popular sense of umpire ?
the legal sense ?
5 .
what is the present use of arbiter ?
6 .
what are the judges of the united states supreme court officially called ?
examples .
the end crowns all , and that old common - - - - , time , will one day end it .
a man who is no - - - - of law may be a good - - - - of poetry .
the - - - - is only the mouth of law , and the magistrate who punishes is only the hand .
* * * * *
justice ( page 225 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is justice in governmental relations ?
in social and personal relations ?
in matters of reasoning or literary treatment ?
2 .
to what do integrity , rectitude , right , righteousness , and virtue apply ?
what do all these include ?
3 .
what two contrasted senses has lawfulness ?
4 .
to what does justness refer , and in what sense is it used ?
examples .
- - - - exalteth a nation .
- - - - of life is fame's best friend .
he shall have merely - - - - , and his bond .
* * * * *
keep ( page 226 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the general meaning of keep ?
2 .
how does keep compare with preserve ?
fulfil ?
maintain ?
3 .
what does keep imply when used as a synonym of guard or defend ?
examples .
these make and - - - - the balance of the mind .
the good old rule sufficeth them , - - the simple plan , that they should take who have the power and they should - - - - who can .
- - - - thy shop , and thy shop will - - - - thee .
* * * * *
kill ( page 226 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to kill ?
2 .
to what are assassinate , execute , and murder restricted ?
3 .
what is the specific meaning of murder ?
execute ?
assassinate ?
to what class of persons is the latter word ordinarily applied ?
4 .
what is it to slay ?
5 .
to what is massacre limited ?
with what special meaning is it used ?
6 .
to what do butcher and slaughter primarily apply ?
what is the sense of each when so used ?
7 .
what is it to despatch ?
examples .
to look into her eyes was to - - - - doubt .
two presidents of the united states have been - - - - .
hamilton was - - - - in a duel by aaron burr .
the place was carried by storm , and the inhabitants - - - - without distinction of age or sex .
* * * * *
kin ( page 227 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does kind compare with kin ?
2 .
what do kin and kindred denote ?
3 .
what is affinity ?
how does it differ from consanguinity ?
examples .
a little more than - - - - , and less than - - - - .
he held his seat , - - a friend to the human - - - - .
the patient bride , a little sad , leaving of home and - - - - .
* * * * *
knowledge ( page 227 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is knowledge ?
how does it differ from information ?
2 .
what is perception ?
apprehension ?
cognizance ?
3 .
what is intuition ?
4 .
what is experience , and how does it differ from intuition ?
5 .
what is learning ?
erudition ?
examples .
- - - - comes , but wisdom lingers .
the child is continually seeking - - - - ; hence his endless questions .
' tis the sunset of life gives me mystical - - - - , and coming events cast their shadows before .
- - - - s lie at the very foundation of all reasoning .
* * * * *
language ( page 228 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the derivation of language ?
what was its original signification ?
how wide is its present meaning ?
2 .
as regards the use of words , what does language denote in the general and in the restricted sense ?
3 .
what does speech always involve ?
4 .
can we speak of the speech of animals ?
of their language ?
5 .
what is a dialect ?
a barbarism ?
an idiom ?
6 .
what is a patois ?
how does it differ from a dialect ?
7 .
what is a vernacular ?
examples .
we must be free or die , who speak the - - - - that shakespeare spake : the faith and morals hold which milton held .
- - - - is great ; but silence is greater .
an infant crying in the night , an infant crying for the light , and with no - - - - but a cry .
thought leapt out to wed with thought , ere thought could wed itself with - - - - .
a babylonish - - - - which learned pedants much affect .
o !
good , my lord , no latin ; i'm not such a truant since my coming as not to know the - - - - i have lived in .
* * * * *
large ( page 229 ) .
questions .
1 .
to how many dimensions does large apply ?
how does it differ from long ?
2 .
how does large compare with great ?
with big ?
examples .
courage , the mighty attribute of powers above , by which those - - - - in war , are - - - - in love .
everything is twice as - - - - measured on a three - year - old's three - foot scale as on a thirty - year - old's six - foot scale .
and his - - - - manly voice , turning again toward childish treble , pipes and whistles in its sound .
* * * * *
law ( page 229 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the definition of law in its ideal ?
what does it signify in common use ?
2 .
what are the characteristics of command and commandment ?
of an edict ?
3 .
what is a mandate ?
a statute ?
an enactment ?
4 .
in what special connection is formula commonly used ?
ordinance ?
order ?
5 .
what is the meaning of law in such an expression as " the laws of nature ? " what in more strictly scientific use ?
6 .
what is a code ?
jurisprudence ?
legislation ?
what is an economy ?
is law ever a synonym for these words , and in what way ?
examples .
order is heaven's first - - - - ; and this confest , some are , and must be , greater than the rest .
those he commands move only in - - - - , nothing in love .
his fair large front and eye sublime declared absolute - - - - .
we have strict - - - - , and most biting - - - - .
napoleon gave france the best - - - - of - - - - she has ever possessed .
- - - - is physical , established sequence ; intellectual , a condition of intellectual action in order that truth may be reached ; and moral , an imperative which determines the right guidance of our higher life .
* * * * *
liberty ( page 230 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is freedom ?
2 .
what is liberty in the primary sense ?
in the widest sense ?
3 .
how do freedom and liberty compare ?
4 .
how is independence used in distinction from freedom and liberty ?
5 .
is freedom or liberty more freely used in a figurative sense ?
6 .
what is license ?
how does it compare with liberty and freedom ?
examples .
in rousseau's philosophy - - - - is conceived of as lawlessness .
when - - - - from her mountain - height unfurled her standard to the air , she tore the azure robe of night , and set the stars of glory there .
the - - - - to go higher than we are is given only when we have fulfilled amply the duty of our present sphere .
- - - - they mean when they cry - - - - !
for who loves that must first be wise and good .
* * * * *
light ( page 231 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is light ?
2 .
what are the characteristics of a flame ?
a blaze ?
3 .
what is a flare ?
a flash ?
4 .
what is the sense of glare and glow ?
how do they differ , and to what are they applied ?
5 .
to what do shine and sheen refer ?
6 .
what do glimmer , glitter , and shimmer denote ?
7 .
what is gleam ?
a glitter ?
a sparkle ?
glistening ?
8 .
what is scintillation ?
in what two senses used ?
9 .
to what are twinkle and twinkling applied ?
10 .
what is illumination ?
incandescence ?
examples .
from a little spark may burst a mighty - - - - .
a - - - - as of another life , my kindling soul received .
it is - - - - , that enables us to see the differences between things ; and it is christ that gives us - - - - .
white with the whiteness of the snow , pink with faintest rosy - - - - , they blossom on their sprays .
ghastly in the - - - - of day .
- - - - in golden coats like images .
so - - - - a good deed in a naughty world .
there's but the - - - - of a star between a man of peace and war .
* * * * *
listen ( page 232 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does hear signify ?
what does listen add to the meaning of hear ?
2 .
what does attend add to the meaning of listen ?
3 .
what does heed further imply ?
4 .
what is the difference between listen for and listen to ?
examples .
and - - - - !
how blithe the throstle sings ; he , too , is no mean preacher ;
till i - - - - and - - - - if a step draweth near .
chill airs and wintry winds !
my ear has grown familiar with your song ; i - - - - it in the opening year , i - - - - , and it cheers me long .
- - - - , every one that - - - - may , unto a tale that's merrier than the nightingale .
the men lay silent in the tall grass - - - - for the signal gun that should bid them rise and charge .
* * * * *
literature ( page 233 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is literature in the most general sense ?
in more limited sense ?
2 .
what does literature , used absolutely , denote ?
3 .
how may literature include science ?
how is it ordinarily contrasted with science ?
examples .
wherever - - - - consoles sorrow or assuages pain ; wherever it brings gladness to eyes which fail with wakefulness and tears - - there is exhibited in its noblest form the immortal influence of athens .
- - - - are lifelong friends .
- - - - are embalmed minds .
in our own language we have a - - - - nowhere surpassed , in whose lock no foreign key will ever rust .
* * * * *
load ( page 233 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what language is burden derived , and with what primary meaning ?
load ?
2 .
what does weight signify ?
how does it compare with load and burden ?
3 .
what are cargo , freight , and lading ?
4 .
what is the distinctive sense of pack ?
examples .
bear ye one another's - - - - .
wearing all that - - - - of learning lightly like a flower .
the ass will carry his - - - - , but not a double - - - - .
* * * * *
look ( page 234 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the distinction between look and see ?
between these words and behold ?
2 .
what is it to gaze ?
to glance ?
to stare ?
3 .
what do scan , inspect , and survey respectively express , and how are they distinguished from one another ?
4 .
what element or elements does watch add to the meaning of look ?
examples .
it is always well to - - - - at people when addressing them .
having eyes they - - - - not , and having ears hear not .
then gently - - - - your brother man , still gentler sister woman ; tho ' they may gang a kennin wrang , to step aside is human .
my soul waiteth for the lord more than they that - - - - for the morning .
how peacefully the broad and golden moon comes up to - - - - upon the reaper's toil !
i am monarch of all i - - - - , my right there is none to dispute ; from the center all round to the sea , i am lord of the fowl and the brute .
but , - - - - , the morn in russet mantle clad , walks o'er the dew of yon high eastern hill .
* * * * *
love ( page 235 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is affection ?
2 .
what may be given as a brief definition of love ?
3 .
does affection apply to persons or things ?
to what does love apply ?
4 .
what term is preferable to love as applying to articles of food and the like ?
5 .
how does love differ from affection ?
from friendship ?
examples .
peace , commerce , and honest - - - - with all nations help to form the bright constellation which has gone before us .
and you must love him ere to you he will seem worthy of your - - - - .
yet pity for a horse o'erdriven and - - - - in which my hound has part can hang no weight upon my heart , in its assumptions up to heaven .
such - - - - and unbroken faith as temper life's worst bitterness .
* * * * *
make ( page 236 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the essential idea of make ?
2 .
how is make allied with create ?
3 .
how is make allied with compose or constitute ?
4 .
what are some chief antonyms for make ?
5 .
what are the prepositions chiefly used with make , and how employed ?
examples .
in the beginning god - - - - the heaven and the earth .
the mason - - - - , the architect - - - - .
i assert confidently that it is in the power of one american mother to - - - - as many gentlemen as she has sons .
newton discovered , but did not - - - - the law of gravitation .
the river flows over a bed of pebbles like those that - - - - the beach and the surrounding plains .
a hermit and a wolf or two my whole acquaintance - - - - .
if we were not willing , they possessed the power of - - - - us to do them justice .
the lessons of adversity sometimes soften and - - - - , but as often they indurate and pervert .
* * * * *
marriage ( page 236 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does matrimony specifically denote ?
2 .
what two senses has marriage ?
3 .
from what language is wedlock derived ?
what is its distinctive use ?
4 .
what is the meaning of wedding ?
nuptials ?
examples .
let me not to the - - - - of true minds admit impediments .
the lover was killed in a duel on the night before the intended - - - - .
i'll join my eldest daughter , and my joy , to him forthwith in holy - - - - bonds .
* * * * *
masculine ( page 237 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what is male applied ?
to what masculine ?
2 .
to what does manly refer ?
manful ?
in what connection can manly be used where manful could not be substituted ?
3 .
what is the sense of mannish ?
virile ?
examples .
every virtue in the higher phases of - - - - character begins in truth and pity or truth and reverence to all womanhood .
one brave and - - - - struggle and he gained the solid land and the cover of the mountains and the carbines of his band .
so god created man in his own image , in the image of god created he him ; - - - - and female created he them .
* * * * *
massacre ( page 237 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is massacre ?
butchery ?
havoc ?
2 .
to what does carnage especially refer ?
slaughter ?
3 .
which of these words can be used of the destruction of life in open and honorable warfare ?
examples .
mark !
where his - - - - and his conquests cease !
he makes a solitude and calls it peace !
forbade to wade through - - - - to a throne , and shut the gates of mercy on mankind .
the capture of port arthur was followed by a terrible - - - - .
* * * * *
meddlesome ( page 238 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the conduct specially characteristic of a meddlesome person ?
of an intrusive person ?
of one who is obtrusive ?
officious ?
2 .
to what is obtrusive chiefly applied ?
intrusive ?
officious ?
meddlesome ?
examples .
where sorrow's held - - - - and turned out , there wisdom will not enter nor true power , nor aught that dignifies humanity .
a - - - - monkey had been among the papers .
* * * * *
melody ( page 238 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is harmony ?
melody ?
in what special feature does the one differ from the other ?
2 .
how many parts are required for harmony ?
how many for melody ?
3 .
what is unison ?
4 .
what does music include ?
examples .
sweetest - - - - are those that are by distance made more sweet .
- - - - , when soft voices die , vibrates in the memory .
ring out ye crystal spheres and with your ninefold - - - - make up full consort to the angelic - - - - .
* * * * *
memory ( page 239 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is memory in the special and in the general sense ?
2 .
what is remembrance , and how distinguished from memory ?
3 .
is remembrance voluntary or involuntary ?
4 .
what is recollection , and what does it involve ?
5 .
what is reminiscence ?
retrospection ?
how do these two words differ ?
examples .
- - - - like a purse , if it be over - full that it can not shut , all will drop out of it ; take heed of a gluttonous curiosity to feed on many things , lest the greediness of the appetite of thy
- - - - spoil the digestion thereof .
- - - - wakes with all her busy train , swells at my breast , and turns the past to pain .
it is a favorite device of eminent men to devote their old age to writing their - - - - s , thus quietly living over again a busy or tumultuous life .
* * * * *
mercy ( page 239 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is mercy in the strictest sense ?
2 .
to what class is grace shown ?
3 .
to what class are mercy , forgiveness , and pardon extended ?
4 .
in what wider significations is mercy used ?
5 .
what is clemency ?
leniency or lenity ?
how do these words compare with mercy ?
examples .
how would you be , if he , which is the top of judgment , should but judge you as you are ?
o , think on that ; and - - - - then will breathe within your lips , like man new made .
the only protection which the conquered could find was in the moderation , the - - - - , and the enlarged policy of the conquerors .
to favor sin is to discourage virtue ; undue - - - - to the bad is unkindness to the good .
* * * * *
meter ( page 240 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is euphony ?
how does it differ from meter , measure , and rhythm ?
2 .
how are rhythm and meter produced ?
3 .
how does meter differ from rhythm ?
4 .
what is a verse in the strict sense ?
in what wider sense is the word often used ?
examples .
- - - - is a very vague and unscientific term .
each nation considers its own language , each tribe its own dialect , euphonic .
- - - - may be defined to be a succession of poetical feet arranged in regular order according to certain types recognized as standards , in verses of a determinate length .
we have three principal domains in which - - - - manifests its nature and power - - dancing , music , poetry .
* * * * *
mind ( page 241 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is mind ?
how does it differ from intellect ?
2 .
what does consciousness include ?
is it attended with distinct thinking and willing ?
3 .
what is the soul ?
4 .
from what is spirit used in special contradistinction ?
how does it differ from soul ?
5 .
what is paley's definition of instinct ?
6 .
in what contrasted meanings is the word sense employed ?
7 .
what is thought ?
examples .
a great - - - - will be strong to live , as well as to think .
god is a - - - - : and they that worship him must worship him in - - - - and in truth .
* * * * *
minute ( page 242 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of minute ?
2 .
when is a thing said to be comminuted ?
3 .
how does fine differ from comminuted ?
4 .
what terms are applied to an account extended to minute particulars ?
to an examination similarly extended ?
examples .
no - - - - room so warm and bright , wherein to read , wherein to write .
life hangs on , held by a - - - - thread .
an organism so - - - - as to be visible only under the microscope , yet possessed of life , motion , and seeming intelligence is a source of ceaseless wonder .
* * * * *
misfortune ( page 242 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is misfortune ?
is the sufferer considered blameworthy for it ?
2 .
what is calamity ?
disaster ?
3 .
in what special sense are the words affliction , chastening , trial , and tribulation used ?
how are these four words discriminated the one from another ?
examples .
he's not valiant that dares die , but he that boldly bears - - - - .
i never knew a man in life who could not bear another's - - - - perfectly like a christian .
* * * * *
model ( page 243 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a model ?
a pattern ?
how are they distinguished from one another ?
2 .
which admits of freedom or idealization ?
examples .
things done without - - - - , in their issue are to be fear'd .
be a - - - - to others , and then all will go well .
washington and his compeers had no - - - - of a federal republic with constitutional bonds and limitations .
moses was admonished , see that thou make all things according to the - - - - shewed to thee in the mount .
* * * * *
modesty ( page 244 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is modesty in the general sense ?
in what specific sense is the word also used ?
2 .
what is bashfulness ?
diffidence ?
coyness ?
reserve ?
examples .
for silence and chaste - - - - is woman's genuine praise , and to remain quiet within the house .
if a young lady has that discretion and - - - - , without which all knowledge is little worth , she will never make an ostentatious parade of it .
his shrinking - - - - was often mistaken for a proud - - - - .
* * * * *
money ( page 244 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is money ?
specie ?
cash ?
2 .
how does property differ from money ?
3 .
what is bullion ?
capital ?
examples .
i am not covetous for - - - - ; nor care i who doth feed upon my cost .
for the love of - - - - is the root of all evil .
he converted all his - - - - into ready - - - - .
one who undertakes to do business without - - - - is likely to be speedily straitened for - - - - .
- - - - in reversion may be of far less value than - - - - in hand .
* * * * *
morose ( page 245 ) .
questions .
1 .
by what characteristics are the morose distinguished ?
the sullen and sulky ?
2 .
how does sullen differ from sulky ?
3 .
what is the meaning of surly ?
4 .
which of these words denote transient moods and which denote enduring states or disposition ?
examples .
my master is of - - - - disposition , and little recks to find the way to heaven by doing deeds of hospitality .
a poet who fails in writing , becomes often a - - - - critic .
he answered with a - - - - growl .
achilles remained in his tent in - - - - inaction .
* * * * *
motion ( page 246 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is motion ?
2 .
how does motion differ from movement ?
give examples .
3 .
in what sense is move employed ?
4 .
what is the special sense of motion in a deliberative assembly ?
5 .
is action or motion the more comprehensive word ?
which is commonly used in reference to the mind ?
examples .
that - - - - is best which procures the greatest happiness for the greatest numbers .
there is no death !
what seems so is - - - - ; this life of mortal breath is but a suburb of the life elysian , whose portal we call death .
the copernican theory first clearly explained the - - - - of the planets .
* * * * *
mutual ( page 246 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of common ?
mutual ?
reciprocal ?
2 .
is it correct to speak of a mutual friend ?
examples .
- - - - friendships will admit of division , one may love the beauty of this , the good humor of that person .
in all true family life there is a - - - - dependence which binds hearts together .
- - - - action is the rule in the human body , where every part is alternately means and end , and every action both cause and effect .
* * * * *
name ( page 247 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a name in the most general sense ?
2 .
in the more limited sense , how does a name differ from an appellation ?
a title ?
give instances of the use of these three words .
3 .
from what language is epithet derived ?
what is its primary meaning ?
4 .
what does epithet signify in literary use ?
5 .
what part of speech is an epithet ?
is it favorable or unfavorable in signification ?
6 .
what is a cognomen ?
how does it differ from a surname ?
7 .
what is style considered as a synonym of name ?
examples .
those he commands , move only in command nothing in love : now does he feel the - - - - hang loose about him , like a giant's robe upon a dwarfish thief .
o magnify the lord with me , and let us exalt his - - - - together .
* * * * *
native ( page 248 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does native denote ?
natal ?
natural ?
2 .
what examples are given in the text of the correct use of these words ?
examples .
i would advise no child's being taught music who has not a - - - - aptitude for it .
it was the 4th of july , the - - - - day of american freedom .
* * * * *
nautical ( page 248 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what is marine derived ?
maritime ?
what do these two words respectively signify ?
2 .
from what is naval derived ?
nautical ?
how do these words differ in meaning ?
3 .
how does ocean , used adjectively , differ from oceanic ?
examples .
that sea - beast , leviathan , which god of all his works created hugest that swim the - - - - stream .
* * * * *
neat ( page 249 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does clean signify ?
2 .
does orderly apply to persons or things , and in what sense ?
3 .
what does tidy denote ?
4 .
what is the meaning of neat ?
5 .
how does nice compare with neat ?
6 .
what is the significance of spruce ?
trim ?
dapper ?
examples .
if he ( jefferson ) condescended to turn - - - - sentences for delicate ears - - still , he was essentially an earnest man .
still to be - - - - , still to be drest , as you were going to a feast , still to be powder'd , still perfum'd .
* * * * *
necessary ( page 250 ) .
questions .
1 .
when is a thing properly said to be necessary ?
2 .
what is the meaning of essential ?
how does it differ from indispensable ?
3 .
with reference to what is a thing said to be requisite ?
how does requisite compare with essential and indispensable ?
4 .
how do inevitable and unavoidable compare ?
to what kind of things are both these words applied ?
5 .
how do needed and needful compare with necessary ?
examples .
as you grow ready for it , somewhere or other you will find what is - - - - for you in a book .
the ideas of space and time are called in philosophy - - - - ideas .
* * * * *
necessity ( page 250 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is necessity ?
2 .
what do need and want imply ?
how does need compare with want ?
3 .
how does necessity compare with need ?
4 .
what is an essential ?
examples .
courage is , on all hands , considered as an - - - - of high character .
no living man can send me to the shades before my time ; no man of woman born , coward or brave , can shun his - - - - .
* * * * *
neglect , n .
( page 251 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is neglect ?
negligence ?
how do the two words compare ?
2 .
what senses has negligence that neglect has not ?
3 .
which of the two words may be used in a passive sense ?
4 .
what is the legal phrase for a punishable omission of duty ?
examples .
ah , why should we , in the world's riper years , - - - - god's ancient sanctuaries , and adore only among the crowd .
but , alas , to make a fixed figure , for the hand of - - - - to point his slow unmoving finger at .
* * * * *
new ( page 252 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of new ?
of modern ?
of recent ?
2 .
how does recent compare with new ?
3 .
what is the meaning of novel ?
of fresh ?
4 .
to what do young and youthful distinctively apply ?
* * * * *
nimble ( page 253 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what does nimble properly refer ?
2 .
to what does swift apply ?
3 .
how does alert compare with nimble ?
for what is alert more properly a synonym ?
examples .
win her with gifts , if she respect not words ; dumb jewels often , in their silent kind , more - - - - than words , do move a woman's mind .
profound thinkers are often helpless in society , while shallow men have - - - - and ready minds .
* * * * *
normal ( page 253 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does natural signify ?
normal ?
give instances of the distinctive use of the two words .
2 .
what does typical signify ?
regular ?
common ?
examples .
he does it with a better grace , but i do it more - - - - .
the - - - - round of work may grow monotonous , but it is evidently necessary .
* * * * *
notwithstanding ( page 254 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the signification of however as a conjunction ?
of nevertheless ?
2 .
which is the most emphatic word of the group and what does it signify ?
3 .
how do yet and still compare with notwithstanding ?
with but ?
4 .
what is the force of tho and altho ?
5 .
how does notwithstanding as a preposition differ from despite or in spite of ?
examples .
- - - - do thy worst , old time ; despite thy wrong , my love shall in my verse ever live young .
- - - - till all graces be in one woman , one woman shall not come in my grace .
there was an immense crowd - - - - the inclement weather .
* * * * *
oath ( page 254 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is an oath ?
an affidavit ?
how does the affidavit differ from the oath ?
2 .
what is an adjuration ?
3 .
what is a vow ?
how does it differ from an oath ?
4 .
of what words is oath a popular synonym ?
5 .
in what do anathema , curse , execration , and imprecation agree ?
6 .
what is an anathema ?
7 .
is a curse just or unjust ?
8 .
what does execration express ?
imprecation ?
examples .
better is it that thou shouldest not - - - - , than that thou shouldest - - - - and not pay .
then how can any man be said to break an - - - - he never made ?
* * * * *
obscure ( page 255 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is obscure ?
2 .
how does obscure compare with complicated ?
with complex ?
with abstruse ?
with profound ?
* * * * *
obsolete ( page 256 ) .
questions .
1 .
when is a word obsolete ?
when is a word archaic ?
2 .
is an old or ancient word necessarily obsolete ?
3 .
what is meant by saying that a word is rare ?
4 .
is a rare word necessarily obsolete or an obsolete word necessarily rare ?
examples .
when the labors of modern philologists began , sanscrit was the most - - - - of all the aryan languages known to them .
atlas , we read in - - - - song , was so exceeding tall and strong , he bore the skies upon his back , just as the pedler does his pack .
it is wonderful that so few - - - - words are found in shakespeare after the lapse of three centuries .
* * * * *
obstinate ( page 256 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does headstrong differ from obstinate and stubborn ?
2 .
how do obstinate and stubborn differ from each other ?
which is commonly applied to the inferior animals and to inanimate things ?
3 .
what is the meaning of refractory ?
how does it differ from stubborn ?
which word is applied to metals , and in what sense ?
4 .
what is the meaning of obdurate ?
contumacious ?
pertinacious ?
5 .
what words do we apply to the unyielding character or conduct that we approve ?
examples .
is it in heav'n a crime to love too well ?
to bear too tender , or too - - - - a heart , to act a lover's or a roman's part ?
" i shall talk of what i like , " she said wilfully , clasping her hands round her knees with the gesture of an - - - - child .
* * * * *
obstruct ( page 257 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the literal meaning of obstruct ?
how does it compare with hinder ?
2 .
how does obstruct compare with impede ?
3 .
what does arrest signify in the sense here considered ?
examples .
there is a certain wisdom of humanity which is common to the greatest men with the lowest , and which our ordinary education often labors to silence and - - - - .
no , no - - - - ing the vast wheel of time , that round and round still turns with onward might .
* * * * *
old ( page 257 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does old signify ?
2 .
how do old and ancient compare ?
3 .
what contrasted senses has old ?
4 .
what is the special force of olden ?
5 .
in what sense are gray , hoary , and olden used of material objects ?
6 .
to what is aged chiefly applied ?
7 .
to what do decrepit , gray , and hoary apply , as said of human beings ?
8 .
to what does senile apply ?
9 .
in what sense is elderly used ?
10 .
what are the primary and derived meanings of remote ?
11 .
what does venerable express ?
examples .
the hills , rock - ribbed and - - - - as the sun , - - the vales stretching in pensive quietness between ; the - - - - woods , . . .
. . .
and , poured round all , - - - - ocean's gray and melancholy waste , - - are but the solemn decorations all of the great tomb of man .
through the sequestered vale of rural life , the - - - - patriarch guileless held the tenor of his way .
o good - - - - head which all men knew !
shall we , shall - - - - men , like - - - - trees , strike deeper their vile root , and closer cling , still more enamored of their wretched soil ?
* * * * *
operation ( page 258 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does operation denote ?
and by what kind of agent is it effected ?
2 .
what do performance and execution denote ?
and by what kind of agents are they effected ?
3 .
how does performance differ from execution ?
examples .
it requires a surgical - - - - to get a joke well into a scotch understanding .
his promises were , as he then was , mighty ; but his - - - - , as he is now , nothing .
* * * * *
order ( page 258 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does instruction imply ?
direction ?
2 .
how does order compare with direction ?
3 .
to what classes of persons are orders especially given ?
how does an order in the commercial sense become authoritative ?
4 .
how does command compare with order ?
5 .
in what sense is requirement used ?
by what authority is a requirement made ?
6 .
in what sense is prohibition used ?
injunction ?
examples .
general sherman writes in his memoirs , " i have never in my life questioned or disobeyed an - - - - . "
" ye shall become like god " - - transcendent fate !
that god's - - - - forgot , she plucked and ate .
* * * * *
ostentation ( page 259 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is ostentation ?
how does it compare with boasting ?
display ?
show ?
2 .
what is pomp ?
pageant or pageantry ?
what do the two latter words suggest , and how do they compare with pomp ?
3 .
from what is parade derived ?
what is its primary meaning ?
with what implication is it always used in the metaphorical sense ?
how does parade compare with ostentation ?
examples .
the boast of heraldry , the - - - - of power , and all that beauty , all that wealth e'er gave .
await alike the inevitable hour ; the paths of glory lead but to the grave .
the president's salary does not permit - - - - , nor , indeed , is - - - - expected of him .
with all his wealth , talent , and learning , he was singularly free from - - - - .
* * * * *
oversight ( page 260 ) .
questions .
1 .
in what two contrasted senses is oversight used ?
2 .
how does superintendence compare with oversight ?
3 .
with what special reference is control used ?
4 .
what kind of a term is surveillance , and what does it imply ?
examples .
those able to conduct great enterprises must be allowed wages of - - - - .
o friendship , equal poised - - - - !
feed the flock of god which is among you , taking the - - - - thereof not by constraint , but willingly .
* * * * *
ought ( page 260 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does ought properly signify ?
2 .
how does ought compare with should ?
3 .
in what secondary sense is ought sometimes used ?
examples .
he has not a right to do what he likes , but only what he - - - - with his own , which after all is his own only in a qualified sense .
age - - - - have reverence , and - - - - be worthy to have it .
* * * * *
pain ( page 261 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is pain ?
suffering ?
2 .
how does distress rank as compared with pain and suffering ?
3 .
what is an ache ?
a throe ?
a paroxysm ?
4 .
what is agony ?
anguish ?
examples .
to each his - - - - s ; all are men , condemned alike to groan ; the tender for another's - - - - , the unfeeling for his own .
the weariest and most loathed worldly life that age , - - - - , penury , and imprisonment can lay on nature .
* * * * *
palliate ( page 261 ) .
questions .
1 .
how do cloak and palliate agree in original meaning ?
how do they differ in the derived senses ?
2 .
what is it to extenuate , and how does that word compare with palliate ?
examples .
speak of me as i am ; nothing - - - - nor aught set down in malice .
we would not dissemble nor - - - - [ our transgressions ] before the face of almighty god , our heavenly father .
i shall never attempt to - - - - my own foibles by exposing the error of another .
* * * * *
pardon , v .
( page 262 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to pardon ?
2 .
to what does forgive refer ?
3 .
how do pardon and forgive differ in use in accordance with the difference in meaning ?
4 .
what is it to remit ?
to condone ?
to excuse ?
examples .
how many will say - - - - , and find a kind of license in the sound to hate a little longer !
i - - - - him , as heaven shall - - - - me .
to err is human , to - - - - , divine .
* * * * *
pardon , n .
( page 262 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is acquittal ?
how does it differ from pardon as regards the person acquitted or pardoned ?
2 .
is an innocent person ever pardoned ?
3 .
what is oblivion ?
amnesty ?
absolution ?
examples .
for ' tis sweet to stammer one letter of the eternal's language ; - - on earth it is called - - - - .
- - - - , not wrath , is god's best attribute .
- - - - to the injured does belong , but they ne'er - - - - who have done the wrong .
* * * * *
part , n .
( page 264 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a part ?
2 .
what is a fragment ?
a piece ?
3 .
what do division and fraction signify ?
4 .
what is a portion ?
5 .
what is a share ?
an instalment ?
a particle ?
6 .
what do component , constituent , ingredient , and element signify ?
how do they differ from one another ?
7 .
what is a subdivision ?
examples .
the best - - - - of a good man's life , his little , nameless , unremembered acts of kindness and of love .
spirits that live throughout , vital in every - - - - . . .
can not but by annihilating die .
many cheap houses were built to be sold by - - - - s .
* * * * *
particle ( page 264 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a particle ?
2 .
what does atom etymologically signify ?
what is its meaning in present scientific use ?
3 .
what is a molecule , and of what is it regarded as composed ?
4 .
what is an element in chemistry ?
examples .
lucretius held that the universe originated from a fortuitous concourse of - - - - s .
but thou shalt flourish in immortal youth , unhurt amidst the war of - - - - s , the wreck of matter and the crush of worlds .
many aquatic animals , whose food consists of small - - - - diffused through the water , have an apparatus for creating currents so as to bring such - - - - within their reach .
* * * * *
patience ( page 265 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is patience ?
2 .
what is endurance ?
3 .
how does patience compare with submission and endurance ?
4 .
to what are submission and resignation ordinarily applied ?
5 .
what is forbearance ?
how does it compare with patience ?
examples .
with - - - - bear the lot to thee assigned , nor think it chance , nor murmur at the load , for know what man calls fortune is from god .
there is , however , a limit at which - - - - ceases to be a virtue .
* * * * *
pay ( page 266 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is pay ?
compensation ?
remuneration ?
recompense ?
2 .
what is an allowance ?
3 .
what are wages ?
earnings ?
4 .
what is hire ?
what does it imply ?
5 .
for what is salary paid ?
how does it differ from wages ?
6 .
what is a fee , and for what given ?
examples .
i am not aware that - - - - , or even favors , however gracious , bind any man's soul .
our praises are our - - - - .
carey , in early life , was a country minister with a small - - - - .
laborers are remunerated by - - - - , and officials by - - - - .
* * * * *
people ( page 266 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a community ?
a commonwealth ?
2 .
what is a people ?
a race ?
3 .
what is a state ?
a nation ?
4 .
what does population signify ?
tribe ?
examples .
a - - - - may let a king fall , and still remain a - - - - , but if a king let his - - - - slip from him , he is no longer a king .
questions of - - - - have played a great part in the politics and wars of the latter half of the nineteenth century , the germanic - - - - , the slavonic - - - - , the italian , and the greek - -
- - s struggling to assert their unity .
* * * * *
perceive ( page 267 ) .
questions .
1 .
what class of things do we perceive ?
2 .
how does apprehend differ in scope from perceive ?
3 .
what does conceive signify ?
4 .
how does comprehend compare with apprehend ?
with conceive ?
examples .
we may - - - - the tokens of the divine agency without being able to - - - - or - - - - the divine being .
. . .
admitted once to his embrace , thou shalt - - - - that thou wast blind before .
o horror !
horror !
horror !
tongue nor heart can not - - - - nor name thee !
* * * * *
perfect ( page 268 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is perfect in the fullest and highest sense ?
2 .
what is absolute in the fullest sense ?
3 .
what is perfect in the limited sense , and in popular language ?
examples .
we have the idea of a being infinitely - - - - , and from this descartes reasoned that such a being really exists .
' shall remain ' !
hear you this triton of the minnows ?
mark you his - - - - ' shall ' ?
* * * * *
permanent ( page 269 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what is durable derived ?
to what class of substances is it applied ?
2 .
what is permanent , and in what connections used ?
3 .
how does enduring compare with durable ?
with permanent ?
examples .
my heart is wax , molded as she pleases , but - - - - as marble to retain .
a violet in the youth of primy nature , forward , not - - - - , sweet , not - - - - , the perfume and suppliance of a minute .
for her merchandise shall be for them that dwell before the lord , to eat sufficiently , and for - - - - clothing .
* * * * *
permission ( page 269 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is authority ?
2 .
what is permission ?
3 .
how does permission compare with allowance ?
4 .
what is a permit ?
5 .
what is license ?
how does it compare with authority ?
with permission ?
6 .
what does consent involve ?
examples .
god is more there than thou ; for thou art there only by his - - - - .
thieves for their robbery have - - - - , when judges steal themselves .
very few of the egyptians avail themselves of the - - - - which their religion allows them , of having four wives .
* * * * *
pernicious ( page 270 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what is pernicious derived , and what does it signify ?
2 .
how does pernicious compare with injurious ?
3 .
what does noisome denote ?
4 .
what is the distinctive sense of noxious ?
5 .
how does noxious compare with noisome ?
examples .
inflaming wine , - - - - to mankind .
so bees with smoke , and doves with - - - - stench , are from their hives , and houses , driven away .
the strong smell of sulfur , and a choking sensation of the lungs indicated the presence of - - - - gases .
* * * * *
perplexity ( page 270 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is perplexity ?
confusion ?
how do the two words compare ?
2 .
how do bewilderment and confusion compare ?
3 .
from what does amazement result ?
examples .
caius . - - vere is mine host de jarterre ?
host . - - here , master doctor , in - - - - and doubtful dilemma .
there is such - - - - in my powers as , after some oration fairly spoke by a beloved prince , there doth appear among the buzzing , pleased multitude .
* * * * *
persuade ( page 271 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does convince denote ?
how does it differ from the other words of the group ?
2 .
what is it to persuade ?
3 .
how is convincing related to persuasion ?
4 .
how does coax compare with persuade ?
examples .
a long train of these practises has at length unwillingly - - - - me that there is something hid behind the throne greater than the king himself .
he had a head to contrive , a tongue to - - - - , and a hand to execute any mischief .
* * * * *
perverse ( page 272 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the etymological meaning of perverse ?
what does it signify in common use ?
2 .
what does petulant signify ?
wayward ?
examples .
and you , my lords - - methinks you do not well , to bear with their - - - - objections .
whining , purblind , - - - - boy !
good lord !
what madness rules in brainsick men when , for so slight and frivolous a cause , such - - - - emulations shall arise .
* * * * *
physical ( page 272 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does material signify ?
2 .
what idea does physical add to that contained in material ?
3 .
to what do bodily , corporal , and corporeal apply ?
4 .
how do bodily and corporal differ from corporeal ?
5 .
to what is corporal now for the most part limited ?
examples .
- - - - punishment is practically abandoned in the greater number of american schools .
man has two parts , the one - - - - and earthly , the other immaterial and spiritual .
these races are all clearly differentiated by other - - - - traits than the color of the skin .
we can not think of substance save in terms that imply - - - - properties .
* * * * *
pitiful ( page 273 ) .
questions .
1 .
what was the original meaning of pitiful ?
what does it now signify ?
2 .
how does pitiful differ in use from pitiable ?
3 .
what was the early and what is the present sense of piteous ?
examples .
there is something pleading and - - - - in the simplicity of perfect ignorance .
the most - - - - sight one ever sees is a young man doing nothing ; the furies early drag him to his doom .
o , the most - - - - cry of the poor souls !
* * * * *
pity ( page 273 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is pity ?
sympathy ?
2 .
how does sympathy in its exercise differ from pity ?
3 .
how does pity differ from mercy ?
4 .
how does compassion compare with mercy and pity ?
5 .
how does commiseration differ from compassion ?
examples .
nothing but the infinite - - - - is sufficient for the infinite pathos of human life .
he hallows every heart he once has swayed , and when his presence we no longer share , still leaves - - - - as a relic there .
* * * * *
plead ( page 274 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to plead in the ordinary sense ?
in the legal sense ?
2 .
how do argue and advocate differ ?
3 .
what do beseech , entreat , and implore imply ?
4 .
how does solicit compare with the above words ?
examples .
speak to me low , my savior , low and sweet , .
.
.
lest i should fear and fall , and miss thee so , who art not missed by any that - - - - .
speaking of the honor paid to good men , is it not time to - - - - for a reform in the writing of biographies ?
* * * * *
pleasant ( page 275 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does pleasant add to the sense of pleasing ?
2 .
how does pleasant compare with kind ?
3 .
what does good - natured signify ?
how does it compare with pleasant ?
examples .
like one that wraps the drapery of his couch about him , and lies down to - - - - dreams .
when fiction rises - - - - to the eye , men will believe because they love the lie .
. . .
if we must part forever , give me but one - - - - word to think upon .
* * * * *
plentiful ( page 276 ) .
questions .
1 .
what kind of a term is enough , and what does it mean ?
2 .
how does sufficient compare with enough ?
3 .
what is ample ?
4 .
to what do abundant , ample , liberal , and plentiful apply ?
5 .
how is copious used ?
affluent ?
plentiful ?
6 .
what does complete express ?
7 .
in what sense are lavish and profuse employed ?
8 .
to what is luxuriant applied ?
examples .
my - - - - joys , wanton in fulness , seek to hide themselves in drops of sorrow .
can anybody remember when the right sort of men and the right sort of women were - - - - ?
share the advice betwixt you ; if both gain all , the gift doth stretch itself as ' tis received , and is - - - - for both .
he hasted , and opposed the rocky orb of tenfold adamant , his - - - - shield .
* * * * *
poetry ( page 277 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is poetry ?
2 .
does poetry involve rime ?
does it require meter ?
3 .
what is imperatively required beyond verse , rime , or meter to constitute poetry ?
examples .
- - - - is rhythmical , imaginative language , expressing the invention , taste , thought , passion , and insight of a human soul .
he knew himself to sing , and build the lofty - - - - .
and ever against eating cares , lap me in soft lydian airs , married to immortal - - - - .
* * * * *
polite ( page 277 ) .
questions .
1 .
what are the characteristics of a civil person ?
what more is found in one who is polite ?
2 .
how does courteous compare with civil ?
3 .
what does courtly signify ?
genteel ?
urbane ?
4 .
in what sense is polished used ?
complaisant ?
examples .
she is not - - - - for the sake of seeming - - - - , but - - - - for the sake of being kind .
he was so generally - - - - that nobody thanked him for it .
her air , her manners , all who saw admired ; - - - - tho coy , and gentle tho retired .
* * * * *
poverty ( page 279 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does poverty strictly denote ?
what does it signify in ordinary use ?
2 .
what does privation signify ?
how does it compare with distress ?
3 .
what is indigence ?
destitution ?
penury ?
4 .
what does pauperism properly signify ?
how does it differ from beggary and mendicancy ?
* * * * *
power ( page 279 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is power ?
2 .
is power limited to intelligent agents , or how widely applied ?
3 .
how does ability compare with power ?
4 .
what is capacity , and how related to power and to ability ?
5 .
what is competency ?
faculty ?
talent ?
6 .
what are dexterity and skill ?
how are they related to talent ?
7 .
what is efficacy ?
efficiency ?
examples .
bismarck was the one great figure of all europe , with more - - - - for good or evil than any other human being possessed at that time .
the soul , in its highest sense , is a vast - - - - for god .
i reckon it is an oversight in a great body of metaphysicians that they have been afraid to ascribe our apprehensions of - - - - to intuition .
in consequence of this neglect , some never get the idea of - - - - , but merely of succession , within the bare limits of experience .
* * * * *
praise ( page 280 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is praise ?
by how many is it given , and how is it expressed ?
2 .
what is applause ?
by how many given ?
and how expressed ?
3 .
what is acclamation ?
how does it differ from applause ?
4 .
how does approbation differ from praise ?
5 .
what does approval add to the meaning of praise ?
6 .
how does compliment compare with praise ?
7 .
what is flattery ?
examples .
the - - - - of listening senates to command , the threats of pain and ruin to despise , to scatter plenty o'er a smiling land , and read their history in a nation's eyes .
- - - - no man e'er deserved who sought no more .
gladly then he mixed among those friendly powers , who him received with joy and - - - - s loud .
* * * * *
pray ( page 281 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to pray in the religious sense ?
2 .
in what lighter and more familiar sense may pray be used ?
is this latter use now common ?
examples .
hesiod exhorted the husbandman to - - - - for a harvest , but to do so with his hand upon the plow .
i kneel , and then - - - - her blessing .
* * * * *
precarious ( page 282 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what is the term uncertain applied ?
2 .
what did precarious originally signify ?
how is it now used , and how does it differ from uncertain ?
examples .
. . .
thou know'st , great son , the end of war's - - - - .
life seems to be - - - - in proportion to its value .
* * * * *
precedent ( page 282 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a precedent ?
2 .
how does case fall short of the meaning of precedent ?
3 .
what is an obiter dictum ?
how does it differ from a precedent ?
examples .
where freedom broadens slowly down from - - - - to - - - - .
let us consider the reason of the - - - - , for nothing is law that is not reason .
* * * * *
predestination ( page 282 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is predestination ?
2 .
how does fate differ from predestination ?
3 .
what does necessity signify in the philosophical sense ?
4 .
what is foreknowledge ?
does it involve foreordination or predestination ?
examples .
for - - - - has wove the thread of life with pain .
all high truth is the union of two contradictories .
thus - - - - and free - will are opposites ; and the truth does not lie between these two , but in a higher reconciling truth which leaves both true .
* * * * *
prejudice ( page 283 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a presumption ?
on what is it founded ?
2 .
on what are prejudice and prepossession based ?
how do these two words differ from each other ?
examples .
when the judgment's weak , the - - - - is strong .
the - - - - is always in favor of what exists .
his fine features , manly form , and perfect manners awakened an instant - - - - in his favor .
* * * * *
pretense ( page 283 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a pretense ?
how does it differ from a pretext ?
2 .
what is a ruse ?
examples .
the claim of a stronger nation to protect a weaker has commonly been but a - - - - for conquest .
it is not poverty so much as - - - - that harasses a ruined man - - the struggle between a proud mind and an empty purse .
the independent english nobility conspired to make an insurrection , and to support the prince's - - - - s .
* * * * *
prevent ( page 284 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the original meaning of prevent ?
2 .
what word is now commonly used in that sense ?
3 .
what is the meaning of obviate ?
preclude ?
4 .
how is prevent at present used ?
examples .
the contrary supposition is obviously - - - - .
when the siberian pacific railway is finished , what is there to - - - - russia from annexing nearly the whole of china ?
there appears to be no way to - - - - the difficulty .
* * * * *
previous ( page 285 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does antecedent denote ?
2 .
how does preceding differ from antecedent and previous ?
3 .
how is anterior commonly used ?
prior ?
4 .
of what is former used ?
what does former always imply ?
examples .
these matters have been fully explained in - - - - chapters of this work .
the reader will be helped to an understanding of this process by a careful study of the diagram on the - - - - page .
in - - - - times many things were attributed to witchcraft that now have a scientific explanation .
* * * * *
price ( page 285 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the cost of an article ?
the price ?
2 .
how do cost and price ordinarily differ ?
3 .
in what exceptional case may cost and price agree ?
4 .
what does price always imply ?
5 .
what is the meaning of value ?
how does market value differ from intrinsic value ?
6 .
how does value differ from worth ?
7 .
to what are charge and expense ordinarily applied ?
examples .
- - - - is the life - giving power of anything ; - - - - , the quantity of labor required to produce it ; - - - - , the quantity of labor which its possessor will take in exchange for it .
no man can permanently do business by making the - - - - of his goods the same as their - - - - to him , however such a method may help him momentarily in an emergency .
* * * * *
pride ( page 286 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is pride ?
haughtiness ?
arrogance ?
disdain ?
how do these qualities compare with pride ?
2 .
what does superciliousness imply according to its etymology ?
3 .
how do pride and vanity differ ?
4 .
what difference is noted between self - conceit and conceit ?
5 .
how do self - respect and self - esteem compare with each other and with the other words of the group ?
examples .
- - - - may puff a man up , but never prop him up .
there is nothing - - - - can so little bear with as - - - - itself .
- - - - is as ill at ease under indifference , as tenderness is under the love which it can not return .
* * * * *
primeval ( page 287 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the derivation and signification of aboriginal ?
autochthonic ?
primeval ?
2 .
what do prime and primary denote ?
what special sense has primary as in reference to a school ?
3 .
how is primordial used ?
4 .
what does primitive suggest , as in the expressions , the primitive church , primitive simplicity ?
5 .
what is pristine ?
6 .
how do native and indigenous compare ?
examples .
thou from - - - - nothingness didst call first chaos , then existence , lord .
the - - - - inhabitants of america are long since extinct , for even the races whom the white men conquered had themselves supplanted an earlier race .
all the later ages have wondered at and admired the whole - souled consecration of the - - - - church .
* * * * *
profit ( page 288 ) .
questions .
1 .
what are returns or receipts ?
2 .
what is profit in the commercial sense ?
what in the intellectual and moral sense ?
3 .
what is utility ?
4 .
what does advantage originally signify ?
does it now necessarily imply having or gaining superiority to another person , or securing anything at another's expense ?
5 .
what is gain ?
benefit ?
emolument ?
6 .
to what does expediency especially refer ?
examples .
silence has many - - - - s .
no man can read with - - - - that which he can not learn to read with pleasure .
godliness with contentment is great - - - - .
* * * * *
progress ( page 289 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is progress ?
2 .
what do attainment , proficiency , and development imply ?
3 .
what is advance ?
how does it differ from progress ?
examples .
what is thy - - - - compared with an alexander's , a mahomet's , a napoleon's ?
and dreams in their - - - - have breath , and tears , and tortures , and the touch of joy .
human - - - - consists in a continual increase in the number of those who , ceasing to live by the animal life alone and to feel the pleasures of sense only , come to participate in the intellectual life also .
* * * * *
prohibit ( page 290 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to prohibit ?
2 .
how does forbid compare with prohibit ?
3 .
how does prohibit compare with prevent ?
examples .
tho much i want which most would have , yet still my mind - - - - to crave .
the laws of england , from the early plantagenets , sternly - - - - the conversion of malt into alcohol , excepting a small portion for medicinal purposes .
human law must - - - - many things that human administration of law can not absolutely - - - - ; is not this true also of the divine government ?
* * * * *
promote ( page 291 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to promote ?
2 .
to what does promote apply ?
to persons or things , and in what way ?
examples .
the outlawed pirate of one year was - - - - the next to be a governor and his country's representative .
the imperial ensign , which full high - - - - ed , shone like a meteor streaming in the wind .
* * * * *
propitiation ( page 291 ) .
questions .
1 .
what did atonement originally denote ?
what is its present theological and popular sense ?
2 .
what does expiation signify ?
propitiation ?
satisfaction ?
examples .
- - - - has respect to the bearing which satisfaction has upon sin or the sinner .
- - - - has respect to the effect of satisfaction in removing the judicial displeasure of god .
when a man has been guilty of any sin or folly , i think the best - - - - he can make is to warn others not to fall into the like .
redemption implies the complete deliverance from the penalty , power , and all the consequences of sin ; - - - - is used in the sense of the sacrificial work , whereby the redemption from the condemning power of the law was insured .
* * * * *
proposal ( page 291 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does an offer or proposal do ?
2 .
what does a proposition set forth ?
3 .
for what is the proposition designed ?
the proposal ?
4 .
in what way does proposition come to have nearly the sense of proposal in certain uses ?
5 .
what is a bid ?
6 .
what does an overture accomplish ?
in what special application is the word commonly used ?
examples .
garrison emphatically declared , " i can not listen to any - - - - for a gradual abolition of wickedness . "
the theme in confirmation must always admit of being expressed in a logical - - - - , with subject , predicate , and copula .
* * * * *
propose ( page 292 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does propose in its most frequent use differ from purpose ?
2 .
how is propose used so as to be nearly equivalent to purpose ?
what important difference appears in this latter use ?
examples .
i know , indeed , the evil of that i - - - - , but my inclination gets the better of my judgment .
man - - - - s , but god disposes .
* * * * *
protract ( page 293 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to protract ?
2 .
what is the significance of defer and delay , and how do these words differ in usage from protract ?
3 .
how does elongate differ from protract ?
4 .
is protract ordinarily favorable or unfavorable in sense ?
5 .
is continue favorable or unfavorable ?
examples .
unseen hands - - - - the coming of what oft seems close in ken .
burton , a hypochondriac , wrote the " anatomy of melancholy , " that marvel of learning , and - - - - his life to the age of sixty - four .
* * * * *
proverb ( page 293 ) .
questions .
1 .
in what do the proverb and the adage agree ?
in what respects do they differ ?
2 .
what is an apothegm ?
an aphorism ?
how do these two words differ ?
3 .
what is a dictum ?
a saying ?
4 .
what is a precept ?
how does it differ from a motto or maxim ?
5 .
how do motto and maxim differ from each other ?
examples .
the - - - - must be verified , that beggars mounted , run their horse to death .
books , like - - - - s , receive their chief value from the stamp and esteem of ages through which they have passed .
* * * * *
prudence ( page 294 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the definition of prudence ?
2 .
how does providence differ from prudence ?
3 .
how does care compare with prudence and providence ?
4 .
how is frugality related to prudence ?
5 .
how do foresight and forethought compare with each other , and both with providence ?
examples .
when desp'rate ills demand a speedy cure , distrust is cowardice , and - - - - folly .
with a - - - - unknown in other parts of scotland , the peasantry have in most places planted orchards around their cottages .
* * * * *
purchase ( page 295 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what language is purchase derived ?
2 .
from what is buy derived ?
3 .
how do buy and purchase agree in meaning ?
what single definition would answer for either ?
4 .
how do buy and purchase differ in use ?
give instances .
examples .
i'll give thee england's treasure , enough to - - - - such another island , so thou wilt make me live .
' tis gold which - - - - s admittance .
- - - - the truth , and sell it not .
* * * * *
pure ( page 296 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does pure signify ?
2 .
in what sense are material substances said to be pure ?
3 .
what does pure denote in moral and religious use ?
4 .
how does pure compare with innocent ?
with virtuous ?
examples .
water from melted snow is - - - - r than rain - water , as it descends through the air in a solid form , incapable of absorbing atmospheric gases .
stone walls do not a prison make , nor iron bars a cage ; minds - - - - and quiet take that for a hermitage .
in every place incense shall be offered unto my name and a - - - - offering , saith the lord of hosts .
* * * * *
queer ( page 297 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of odd ?
singular ?
are odd and singular precise equivalents ?
2 .
when is a thing called strange ?
3 .
what is the primary meaning of peculiar ?
with what implication is it now commonly used ?
4 .
what is the meaning of eccentric ?
how does it differ in use from odd or queer ?
5 .
how does erratic compare with eccentric ?
6 .
what is the primary meaning of queer ?
its common meaning ?
7 .
what is the significance of quaint ?
grotesque ?
examples .
a - - - - , shy man was this pastor - - a sort of living mummy , dried up and bleached by icelandic snows .
in setting a hen , says grose , the good women hold it an indispensable rule to put an - - - - number of eggs .
only a man of undoubted genius can afford to be - - - - .
the - - - - architecture of these medieval towns has a strange fascination .
* * * * *
quicken ( page 297 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to accelerate ?
to despatch ?
2 .
what does the verb speed signify ?
hasten ?
hurry ?
what does hurry suggest in addition to the meaning of hasten ?
examples .
the motion of a falling body is continually - - - - ed .
the muster - place is lanrick mead !
- - - - forth the signal !
norman , - - - - !
the pulsations of the heart are - - - - ed by exertion .
* * * * *
quote ( page 298 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does cite differ from quote ?
2 .
what is it to paraphrase ?
to plagiarize ?
examples .
a great man - - - - bravely , and will not draw on his invention when his memory serves him with a word as good .
the devil can - - - - scripture for his purpose .
to appropriate others ' thoughts or words mechanically and without credit is to - - - - .
* * * * *
racy ( page 299 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what does racy in the first instance refer ?
pungent ?
2 .
how does piquant differ from pungent ?
3 .
how are these words and the word spicy used in reference to literary products ?
examples .
pure mother english , - - - - and fresh with idiomatic graces .
the atmosphere was strangely impregnated with the - - - - odor of burning peat .
the spruce , the cedar , and the juniper , with their balsamic breath , filled the air with a - - - - fragrance .
* * * * *
radical ( page 299 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the primary meaning of radical ?
2 .
what contrasted senses are derived from this primary meaning ?
examples .
timidity is a - - - - defect in a reformer .
social and political leaders look to vested interests , and hence are inclined to regard all - - - - measures as - - - - .
* * * * *
rare ( page 300 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of unique ?
can any one of a number of things of the same kind be unique ?
2 .
what is the primary meaning of rare ?
what added sense is often blended with this primary meaning ?
3 .
is extraordinary favorable or unfavorable in meaning ?
examples .
nothing is so - - - - as time .
that which gives to the jews their - - - - position among the nations is what we are accustomed to regard as their sacred history .
and what is so - - - - as a day in june ?
then , if ever , come perfect days .
* * * * *
reach ( page 300 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to reach in the sense here considered ?
2 .
what is it to arrive ?
3 .
what does attain add to the meaning of arrive ?
what does gain add ?
examples .
and grasping down the boughs i - - - - ed the shore .
he gathered the ripe nuts in the fall , and berries that grew by fence and wall so high she could not - - - - them at all .
the heights by great men - - - - ed and kept were not - - - - ed by sudden flight , but they , while their companions slept , were toiling upward in the night .
it is only in this way that we can hope to - - - - at truth .
* * * * *
real ( page 301 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what is real derived ?
what does it mean ?
2 .
from what is the real distinguished ?
3 .
to what is actual opposed ?
4 .
what shades of difference may be pointed out between the four words actual , real , developed , and positive ?
examples .
in - - - - life we do not die when all that makes life bright dies to us .
if there was any trouble , - - - - or impending , affecting those she had served , her place was with them .
this was regarded as proof - - - - of conspiracy .
* * * * *
reason , v .
( page 302 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to reason about a matter ?
2 .
from what is argue derived , and what does it mean ?
3 .
what is it to demonstrate ?
to prove ?
how do these two words agree and differ ?
examples .
there are two ways of reaching truth : by - - - - ing it out and by feeling it out .
in - - - - ing , too , the person owned his skill , for e'en tho vanquished , he could - - - - still .
a matter of fact may be - - - - ed by adequate evidence ; only a mathematical proposition can be - - - - ed .
* * * * *
reason , n .
( page 302 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does cause differ from reason in the strict sense of each of the two words ?
2 .
how is reason often used so as to be a partial equivalent of cause ?
examples .
no one is at liberty to speak ill of another without a justifiable - - - - , even tho he knows he is speaking truth .
i am not only witty myself , but the - - - - that wit is in other men .
necessity is the - - - - of tyrants ; it is the creed of slaves .
alas !
how light a - - - - may move dissension between hearts that love !
* * * * *
reasoning ( page 303 ) .
questions .
1 .
what do argumentation and debate ordinarily imply ?
2 .
how does reasoning differ from both the above words in this respect ?
3 .
to what kind of reasoning were argument and argumentation formerly restricted ?
how widely are the words now applied ?
4 .
how do argument and argumentation compare with reasoning as regards logical form ?
examples .
all - - - - , inductive or deductive , is a reaching of the unknown through the known ; and where nothing unknown is reached there is no - - - - .
early at bus'ness , and at hazard late , mad at a fox - chase , wise at a - - - - .
if thou continuest to take delight in idle - - - - , thou mayest be qualified to combat with the sophists , but never know how to live with men .
* * * * *
refinement ( page 305 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what does civilization apply , and what does it denote ?
2 .
what is refinement ?
3 .
what is the primary meaning of cultivation ?
the derived meaning ?
4 .
by what word is cultivation now largely superseded ?
5 .
what does culture denote ?
examples .
what is - - - - ?
it is the humanization of man in society , the satisfaction for him in society of the true law of human nature .
giving up wrong pleasure is not self - sacrifice , but self - - - - - .
this refined taste is the consequence of education and habit ; we are born only with a capacity of entertaining this - - - - .
* * * * *
reliable ( page 306 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is to be said of the controversy regarding the formation and use of the word reliable ?
2 .
what do trusty and trustworthy denote ?
3 .
how does reliable compare with these words ?
4 .
what meaning may reliable convey that trusty and trustworthy would not ?
examples .
good lack !
quoth he , yet bring it me my leathern belt likewise , in which i bear my - - - - sword , when i do exercise .
the first voyage to america , of which we have any perfectly - - - - account , was performed by the norsemen .
* * * * *
religion ( page 307 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the original sense of piety ?
the derived sense ?
2 .
what is religion ?
what does it include ?
3 .
what is worship ?
devotion ?
4 .
what is morality ?
godliness ?
holiness ?
5 .
how is theology related to religion ?
examples .
- - - - is man's belief in a being or beings , mightier than himself and inaccessible to his senses , but not indifferent to his sentiments and actions , with the feelings and practises which flow from such belief .
- - - - , whose soul sincere fears god , and knows no other fear .
to deny the freedom of the will is to make - - - - impossible .
systematic - - - - may be defined as the substance of the christian faith in a scientific form .
* * * * *
rend ( page 309 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what are rend and tear usually applied ?
which is the stronger word ?
2 .
in what connection is rive used , and in what sense ?
3 .
what does lacerate signify ?
4 .
how does mangle compare with lacerate ?
5 .
what do burst and rupture signify ?
which is the stronger word ?
when is a steam - boiler said to be ruptured ?
6 .
what does rip signify ?
examples .
storms do not - - - - the sail that is furled .
oh , it offends me to the soul to hear a robustious , periwig - pated fellow - - - - a passion to tatters , to very rags , to split the ears of the groundlings .
and now a bubble - - - - s , and now a world .
the first blood shed in the revolutionary struggle ; a mere drop in amount , but a deluge in its effects , - - - - ing the colonies forever from the mother country .
* * * * *
renounce ( page 309 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what is renounce derived , and in what sense used ?
recant ?
retract ?
2 .
what is it to discard ?
3 .
how does revoke compare with recall in original meaning and in present use ?
4 .
what is the derivation and the distinctive meaning of abjure ?
5 .
in what sense is repudiate used ?
examples .
on his knees , with his hand on the bible , galileo was compelled to - - - - and curse the doctrine of the movement of the earth .
he adds his soul to every other loss , and by the act of suicide , - - - - earth to forfeit heaven .
he had no spiritual adviser , no human comforter , and was entirely in the hands of those who were determined that he should - - - - or die .
* * * * *
repentance ( page 310 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is regret ?
2 .
what does penitence add to regret ?
3 .
how does repentance surpass the meaning of penitence , regret , sorrow , etc . ?
4 .
what is compunction ?
contrition ?
5 .
what is remorse , and how does it compare with repentance ?
examples .
what then ?
what rests ?
try what - - - - can : what can it not ?
forgive me , valentine , if hearty - - - - be a sufficient ransom for offense , i tender't here .
so writhes the mind - - - - has riven , unmeet for earth , undoomed to heaven , darkness above , despair beneath , around it flame , within it death .
* * * * *
reproof ( page 311 ) .
questions .
1 .
are blame , censure , and disapproval spoken or silent ?
2 .
are comment , criticism , rebuke , reflection , reprehension , and reproof expressed or not ?
3 .
how of admonition and animadversion ?
4 .
are comment and criticism favorable or unfavorable ?
do they imply superiority on the part of commentator or critic ?
5 .
do reflection and reprehension imply such superiority ?
how are these two words discriminated ?
6 .
what does rebuke literally signify ?
to what kind of person is a rebuke administered ?
7 .
to what kind of person is reproof administered ?
8 .
what do rebuke and reproof imply on the part of him who administers them ?
9 .
what is animadversion ?
admonition ?
examples .
a - - - - is intolerable when it is administered out of pride or hatred .
the best preservative to keep the mind in health is the faithful - - - - of a friend .
open - - - - is better than secret love .
* * * * *
reprove ( page 312 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to censure ?
to reprove ?
to reprimand 2 .
how does admonish compare with the other words in the group ?
is its reference to the past or to the future ?
3 .
what is it to reproach ?
does this word imply authority or superiority ?
4 .
what is the force of expostulate and remonstrate ?
examples .
he that oppresseth the poor - - - - eth his maker .
her answer - - - - ed me ; for she said , " i never ask their crimes , for we have all come short . "
moses was - - - - ed of god when he was about to make the tabernacle : for , see , saith he , that thou make all things according to the pattern shewed to thee in the mount .
this witness is true .
therefore - - - - them sharply , that they may be sound in the faith .
* * * * *
rest ( page 313 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is ease ?
quiet ?
rest ?
2 .
what is recreation , and how is it related to rest ?
3 .
what is repose in the primary , and what in the derived , sense ?
4 .
how does repose compare with rest ?
5 .
what is a pause ?
6 .
how does sleep compare with repose and rest ?
examples .
seek out , less often sought than found , a soldier's grave - - for thee the best ; then look around , and choose thy ground , and take thy - - - - .
her manners had not that - - - - that stamps the cast of vere de vere .
shall i not take mine - - - - in mine inn ?
* * * * *
restrain ( page 315 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to restrain ?
2 .
how does constrain differ from restrain ?
3 .
how does restrain differ from restrict ?
4 .
how does repress compare with restrain ?
suppress ?
examples .
the english puritans , - - - - ed at home , fled for freedom to america .
in no political system is it so necessary to - - - - the powers of the government as in a democratic state .
* * * * *
revenge ( page 316 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is revenge ?
2 .
how does retaliation compare with revenge ?
3 .
what did vengeance formerly mean , and what does it now imply ?
4 .
what is a requital ?
5 .
how do avenging and retribution differ from retaliation , revenge , and vengeance ?
6 .
what difference may be noted between avenging and retribution ?
examples .
according to the wish of sulla himself , . . .
his monument was erected in the campus martius , bearing an inscription composed by himself : " no friend ever did me a kindness , no enemy a wrong , without receiving full - - - - . "
by the spirit of - - - - , as we sometimes express it , we generally understand a disposition , not merely to return suffering for suffering , but to inflict a degree of pain on the person who is supposed to have injured us ,
beyond what strict justice requires .
in all great religions we find one god , and in all , personal immortality with - - - - .
* * * * *
revolution ( page 317 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the essential idea of revolution ?
2 .
does a revolution necessarily involve war ?
3 .
what is anarchy ?
insubordination ?
sedition ?
revolt ?
rebellion ?
4 .
how does rebellion differ from revolution ?
5 .
by what class of persons is insurrection made ?
mutiny ?
examples .
- - - - s are not made ; they come .
- - - - to tyrants is obedience to god .
since government is of god , - - - - must be contrary to his will .
* * * * *
revolve ( page 318 ) .
questions .
1 .
when is a body said to roll ?
to rotate ?
to revolve ?
2 .
in what sense may the earth be said to revolve ?
and in what sense to rotate ?
3 .
what are some of the extended uses of roll ?
4 .
what kind of a word is turn , and what is its meaning ?
examples .
any bright star close by the pole is seen to - - - - in a very small circle whose center is the pole itself .
the sun - - - - s on an axis in the same direction in which the planets - - - - in their orbits .
human nature can never rest ; once in motion it - - - - s like the stone of sisyphus every instant when the resisting force is suspended .
* * * * *
right ( page 319 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a right ?
is it general or special ?
2 .
what is a privilege ?
an exemption ?
an immunity ?
3 .
what is a franchise ?
a prerogative ?
examples .
friendship gives no - - - - to make ourselves disagreeable .
all men are created equal , and endowed with certain inalienable - - - - s .
* * * * *
rustic ( page 321 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what are rural and rustic alike derived ?
how do the two words agree in general signification ?
how are they discriminated in use ?
2 .
what is the meaning of pastoral ?
of bucolic ?
examples .
how still the morning of the hallowed day !
mute is the voice of - - - - labor , hush'd the plowboy's whistle and the milkmaid's song .
the - - - - arbor which the summit crowned was woven of shining smilax , trumpet - vine , clematis , and the wild white eglantine .
when hunting tribes begin to domesticate animals , they enter usually upon the - - - - stage .
* * * * *
sacrament ( page 321 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a religious service in the extended sense ?
2 .
what is a sacrament ?
3 .
what is an observance ?
an ordinance ?
4 .
how do sacrament and ordinance differ ?
5 .
what is a rite ?
examples .
religion will glide by degrees out of the mind unless it be invigorated and reimpressed by external - - - - s .
nothing tends more to unite men's hearts than joining together in the same prayers and - - - - s .
* * * * *
sale ( page 323 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is change or exchange ?
2 .
what is barter ?
sale ?
3 .
what is a bargain in the strict sense ?
4 .
what is trade in the broad and in the limited sense ?
examples .
honor sits smiling at the - - - - of truth .
i'll give thrice as much land to any well - deserving friend , but in the way of - - - - , mark ye me , i'll cavil on the ninth part of a hair .
stamps god's own name upon a lie just made to coin a penny in the way of - - - - .
* * * * *
sample ( page 323 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a sample ?
a specimen ?
2 .
how do sample and specimen compare as indications of the quality of that which they respectively represent ?
examples .
there is , therefore , in this country , an implied warranty that the goods correspond to the - - - - .
curzola is a perfect - - - - of a venetian town .
* * * * *
scholar ( page 324 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the primary sense of scholar ?
the derived sense ?
2 .
what does pupil signify ?
how is it technically used in educational work ?
3 .
in what sense is student employed ?
examples .
the accent or turn of expression of a single sentence will at once mark a - - - - .
the state of new york supplies all needed text - books free of charge to the - - - - s in the public schools .
the - - - - s in american colleges have taken up athletics with intense enthusiasm .
* * * * *
science ( page 325 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does science compare with knowledge ?
2 .
how does art compare with science ?
3 .
what two senses of art must be discriminated from each other ?
4 .
in which sense is art a system of rules ?
5 .
in which sense does art transcend rule ?
examples .
beethoven took his - - - - as seriously as a saint and martyr takes his religion .
modern - - - - may be regarded as one vast miracle , whether we view it in relation to the almighty being , by whom its objects and its laws were formed , or to the feeble intellect of man , by which its depths have
been sounded , and its mysteries explored .
printing has been aptly termed the - - - - preservative of all other - - - - s .
* * * * *
security ( page 326 ) .
questions .
1 .
of what kind of value or property must an earnest consist ?
2 .
how do pledge and security differ from earnest ?
3 .
how does security differ from pledge ?
4 .
what is bail ?
gage ?
examples .
the - - - - for a national or state debt is the honesty of its people .
the surest - - - - of a deathless name is the silent homage of thoughts unspoken .
and for an - - - - of a greater honor , he bade me , from him , call thee thane of cawdor .
* * * * *
sensation ( page 328 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a sensation ?
a perception ?
2 .
how does an emotion differ from a sensation ?
3 .
how does the popular term feeling compare with sensation and emotion ?
4 .
what is a sense ?
examples .
but - - - - , in the technical and limited sense of the term , is appropriated to the knowledge of material objects , and of the external world .
this knowledge is gained or acquired by means of the - - - - s , and hence , to be more exact , we call it sensible - - - - , or , more briefly , sense - - - - .
- - - - s sweet , felt in the blood , and felt along the heart .
* * * * *
sensibility ( page 328 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is sensibility in the philosophical sense ?
in popular use ?
2 .
what does sensitiveness denote ?
3 .
what is susceptibility ?
how does it compare with sensitiveness ?
4 .
how are susceptibility and sensitiveness discriminated in physics ?
examples .
the - - - - of the external surface of the body is a special endowment adapted to the elements around and calculated to protect the interior parts from injury .
- - - - to pleasure is of necessity also - - - - to pain .
every mind is in a peculiar state of - - - - to certain impressions .
* * * * *
severe ( page 329 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is severe ?
rigid ?
strict ?
2 .
how does rigorous compare with rigid ?
3 .
what does austere signify ?
what element is always found in an austere character ?
examples .
in mathematics we arrive at certitude by - - - - demonstration .
he who the sword of heaven will bear should be as holy as - - - - .
- - - - law is often - - - - injustice .
by - - - - adherence to truth in official dealing with the natives , the english have come to be always believed in india .
* * * * *
shelter , v .
( page 331 ) .
questions .
1 .
when is anything said to be covered ?
2 .
how does shelter compare with cover ?
3 .
what does defend signify ?
4 .
what does guard imply ?
5 .
how does protect surpass guard and defend ?
6 .
what does shield signify ?
how does it compare with guard or defend ?
7 .
in what sense is the verb harbor commonly used ?
examples .
he that - - - - eth his sins shall not prosper , but he that forsaketh them shall find mercy .
thou who trod'st the billowy sea , - - - - us in our jeopardy !
in youth it - - - - ed me , and i'll protect it now .
* * * * *
sin ( page 332 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is sin ?
2 .
how is transgression discriminated from sin in the general sense ?
3 .
what is crime ?
guilt ?
depravity ?
examples .
commit the oldest - - - - s the newest kind of ways .
- - - - is not punished as an offense against god , but as prejudicial to society .
how - - - - once harbored in the conscious breast , intimidates the brave , degrades the great .
* * * * *
sketch ( page 334 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a sketch ?
how does it compare with outline ?
2 .
in what special connection are draft and plan used ?
3 .
how does a mechanical drawing differ from a draft ?
4 .
what is a design ?
how does it exceed the meaning of drawing ?
5 .
what is an outline in written composition ?
how does a sketch in this sense compare with an outline ?
6 .
what is an outline of a sermon technically called ?
7 .
what is a lawyer's brief ?
how does it compare with an outline or sketch ?
examples .
a - - - - that is without vigor , and in which the anatomy has not been defined , is a bad foundation for a good picture .
a little model the master wrought , which should be to the larger - - - - what the child is to the man .
* * * * *
skilful ( page 335 ) .
questions .
1 .
what does skilful signify ?
2 .
how does dexterous compare with skilful ?
3 .
how does a skilled compare with a skilful workman ?
examples .
so - - - - seamen ken the land from far , which shows like mists to the dull passenger .
thousands of - - - - workmen are thrown into enforced idleness by the strikes and lockouts of every year .
much that has been received as the work of disembodied spirits has been but the - - - - sleight of hand of spirits embodied .
* * * * *
slander ( page 336 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to slander ?
to defame ?
to libel ?
2 .
when is defame equivalent to slander ?
when is it equivalent to libel ?
3 .
what is it to asperse ?
to malign ?
to traduce ?
to disparage ?
4 .
how do slander and libel differ in legal signification from the other words ?
5 .
which words of the group apply to open attack in one's presence , and which to attack in his absence ?
examples .
- - - - ed to death by villains that dare as well answer a man , indeed , as i dare take a serpent by the tongue .
if the scriptures seem to - - - - knowledge , it is the knowledge that despises virtue .
challenging each recreant doubter who - - - - ed her spotless name .
* * * * *
slang ( page 336 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a colloquialism ?
2 .
what is slang in the primary and ordinary sense ?
in special senses ?
3 .
what is a vulgarism ?
4 .
what is cant in the sense here considered ?
examples .
there is a - - - - bred of vileness that is never redeemed ; there is also a - - - - that is the vigorous utterance of uncultured wit , that fills a gap in the language and mounts ultimately to the highest places .
a - - - - is worse than - - - - , because it bears the ineffaceable stamp of ignorance .
* * * * *
socialism ( page 338 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is socialism ?
what term do many of its advocates prefer ?
2 .
what is communism ?
anarchism ?
examples .
- - - - in its full sense means the abolition of inheritance , the abolition of the family , the abolition of nationalities , the abolition of religion , the abolition of property .
- - - - , in some modified form , is steadily making its way among thinking men under the guise of cooperation .
- - - - is the offspring of sore hearts and shallow brains .
it is the wisdom of the man who burned down his house because his chimney smoked .
* * * * *
spontaneous ( page 340 ) .
questions .
1 .
when is anything properly said to be spontaneous ?
voluntary ?
involuntary ?
2 .
how do voluntary and involuntary compare with each other ?
both with spontaneous ?
examples .
- - - - is opposed to reflective .
those operations of mind which are continually going on without any effort or intention on our part are spontaneous .
no action that is not - - - - has any merit .
* * * * *
spy ( page 340 ) .
questions .
1 .
in what are the spy and the scout alike ?
2 .
in what do they differ ?
3 .
what are their respective rights in case of capture ?
4 .
what is an emissary ?
examples .
a daring - - - - of general stuart made his way to my quarters , and informed me that general imboden had planned an attack upon the town .
i had grown uneasy in regard to the disjointed situation of our army and , to inform myself of what was going on , determined to send a - - - - into the enemy's lines .
* * * * *
state , v .
( page 341 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what is state derived ?
what does it mean ?
2 .
what is the significance of assert ?
what element is prominent in this word ?
3 .
what is the relative force of affirm and assert ?
asseverate ?
aver ?
assure ?
4 .
what does affirm signify in legal use , and how does it differ from swear ?
5 .
what is it to certify ?
6 .
what does vindicate signify ?
examples .
the first condition of intelligent debate is that the question be clearly - - - - ed .
we - - - - that the sciences dispose themselves round two great axes of thought , parallel and not unrelated , yet distinct - - the natural sciences held together by the one , the moral by the other .
it is impossible for the mind to - - - - anything of that of which it knows nothing .
* * * * *
storm ( page 343 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the essential meaning of storm ?
2 .
what is a tempest ?
examples .
the - - - - is hard at hand will sweep away thrones , churches , ranks , traditions , customs , marriage .
were any considerable mass of air to be suddenly transferred from beyond the tropics to the equator , the difference of the rotatory velocity proper to the two situations would be so great as to produce not merely a wind , but a - - - -
of the most destructive violence .
* * * * *
story ( page 343 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a story ?
is it true or false ?
2 .
what is an anecdote ?
a narrative or narration ?
examples .
there are - - - - , common to the different branches of the aryan stock . . . .
they are ancient aryan - - - - , . . .
older than the odyssey , older than the dispersion of the aryan race .
- - - - s are relations of detached , interesting particulars .
fairy - - - - s have for children an inexhaustible charm .
* * * * *
subjective ( page 345 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of subjective ?
of objective ?
2 .
how are these words illustrated in the case of a mountain ?
3 .
what matters are purely subjective ?
4 .
what matters are purely objective ?
5 .
what is meant by saying that an author has a subjective or an objective style ?
examples .
subject therefore , denotes the mind itself ; and - - - - , that which belongs to , or proceeds from , the thinking subject .
object is a term for that about which the knowing subject is conversant , . . .
while - - - - means that which belongs to , or proceeds from , the object known , and not from the subject knowing ; and thus denotes what is real , in opposition to what is ideal , - - what exists in nature ,
in contrast to what exists merely in the thought of the individual .
* * * * *
suggestion ( page 347 ) .
questions .
1 .
in what way does a suggestion bring a matter before the mind ?
2 .
what is an intimation ?
a hint ?
3 .
what are the special characteristics of insinuation and innuendo ?
examples .
behold in the bloom of apples , and the violets in the sward , a - - - - of the old , lost beauty of the garden of the lord !
time is truly the comforter , at once lessening the tendency to - - - - of images of sorrow , and softening that very sorrow when the images arise .
an - - - - is cowardly because it can seldom be directly answered , and the one who makes it can always retreat behind an assumed misconstruction of his words ; but the - - - - is the stab in the back , sneaking as
it is malicious .
* * * * *
supernatural ( page 347 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the original meaning of supernatural ?
of preternatural ?
2 .
what is commonly implied in the use of preternatural ?
3 .
in what sense do some hold a miracle to be supernatural ?
what descriptive term would others prefer ?
4 .
what is the meaning of superhuman ?
in what secondary sense is it often used ?
examples .
it was something altogether - - - - , as when god said , ' let there be light , ' and there was light .
with an imagination of intense vividness and - - - - activity , choate was as practical as the most sordid capitalist that ever became an " incarnation of fat dividends . "
* * * * *
support ( page 348 ) .
questions .
1 .
what do support and sustain alike signify ?
2 .
how does sustain surpass support in meaning and force ?
3 .
what is the force and use of bear in this connection ?
4 .
what is it to maintain ?
5 .
how does maintain compare with support as to fulness and as to dignity ?
6 .
what is it to prop ?
what is the limit upon the meaning of this word ?
examples .
and cain said , my punishment is great than i can - - - - .
you take my house when you do take the prop that doth - - - - my house .
can a soul like mine , unus'd to power , and form'd for humbler scenes , - - - - the splendid miseries of greatness ?
while less expert , tho stronger far , the gael - - - - ed unequal war .
* * * * *
suppose ( page 348 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to suppose ?
2 .
how does conjecture differ from suppose ?
3 .
what does think signify in the sense here considered ?
how does it compare with conjecture or suppose ?
examples .
newton - - - - ed that if the earth were to be so compressed as to be absolutely without pores , its dimensions might not exceed a cubic inch .
let it not be - - - - ed that principles and opinions always go together .
* * * * *
synonymous ( page 349 ) .
questions .
1 .
are there any synonymous words in the strict sense of the term ?
2 .
what is meant by synonymous words ?
3 .
what are the two common faults with reference to synonymous words or synonyms ?
examples .
the great source of a loose style is the injudicious use of those words termed - - - - .
to raise , with fitting observances , over the ruins of the historic fortress [ sumter ] the - - - - flag which had waved over it during its first bombardment .
* * * * *
system ( page 350 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is order , in the sense here considered ?
2 .
what does method denote ?
3 .
what is a system ?
4 .
to what does manner refer ?
5 .
to what does regularity apply ?
6 .
can there be order without regularity or regularity without order , and how ?
examples .
if this be madness , there is - - - - in it .
a - - - - is . . .
an organized body of truth , or truths arranged under one and the same idea , which idea is as the life or soul which assimilates all those truths .
* * * * *
teach ( page 353 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is it to teach ?
2 .
how does instruct surpass teach in signification ?
3 .
what secondary sense has instruct ?
4 .
what is the full meaning of educate ?
5 .
what is it to train ?
6 .
to what is train commonly applied where educate could not well be used ?
7 .
what is it to discipline ?
8 .
what does nurture signify , and how does it compare with educate ?
examples .
plato returned to athens and began to - - - - ; like his master , he - - - - without money and without price .
for the most effective mechanical work both mind and hand must be - - - - ed in childhood .
the highlanders flocking to him from all quarters , though ill - armed , and worse - - - - ed , made him undervalue any enemy who , he thought , was yet to encounter him .
* * * * *
term ( page 354 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the literal meaning of term ?
2 .
is this meaning retained in the figurative uses of the word ?
3 .
what are the articles of a contract ?
the terms of a contract ?
4 .
what is a condition ?
5 .
what is a term in the logical sense ?
6 .
how does term in ordinary use compare with word , expression , or phrase ?
examples .
for beauty's acme hath a - - - - as brief as the wave's poise before it break in pearl .
but what are these moral sermons [ of seneca ] ?
- - - - s , nothing but - - - - s .
the very - - - - miser is a confession of the misery which attends avarice .
* * * * *
terse ( page 354 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of short or brief ?
2 .
what is the derivation and meaning of concise ?
of condensed ?
of compendious ?
3 .
what is the derivation and meaning of succinct ?
of terse ?
4 .
what is the force of summary ?
5 .
what is a sententious style ?
a pithy utterance ?
examples .
with all his lucidity of statement , hamilton was not always - - - - .
in most cases it will be found that the victorian idiom is clearer , but less - - - - than the corresponding elizabethan idiom which it has supplanted .
* * * * *
testimony ( page 355 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is testimony ?
2 .
how does it compare with evidence ?
3 .
how does a deposition differ from an affidavit ?
examples .
the word - - - - , in legal acceptation , includes all the means by which any alleged matter of fact , the truth of which is submitted to us for investigation , is established or disproved .
as to the fruits of sodom , fair without , full of ashes within , i saw nothing of them , tho from the - - - - we have , something of this kind has been produced .
* * * * *
time ( page 356 ) .
questions .
1 .
to what do sequence and succession apply ?
2 .
what does time denote ?
how is it conceived of with reference to events ?
3 .
how do duration and succession compare with time ?
examples .
every event remembered is remembered as having happened in - - - - past .
this gives us the idea in the concrete . . . .
we can now , by a process of abstraction , separate the - - - - from the event , and we have the abstract idea of time .
the - - - - of each earthquake is measured generally only by seconds , or even parts of a second .
it has been conjectured that our idea of - - - - is founded upon the conscious - - - - of sensations and ideas in our own minds .
* * * * *
tool ( page 358 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is a tool ?
2 .
how does instrument compare in meaning with tool ?
3 .
what special tools are ordinarily called instruments ?
4 .
what is an implement ?
5 .
what is a utensil ?
in what special relations is the word used ?
6 .
what is an appliance ?
how does appliance compare with tool ?
7 .
what is a mechanism ?
8 .
what is a machine in the most general sense ?
in the technical and common use ?
9 .
what is an apparatus ?
10 .
which of these words have figurative use ?
11 .
how are instrument and tool contrasted in figurative use ?
examples .
the time is coming when the - - - - s of husbandry shall supplant the weapons of war .
mix salt and sand , and it shall puzzle the wisest of men , with his mere natural - - - - s , to separate all the grains of sand from all the grains of salt .
the pick , stone - saw , wedge , chisel , and other - - - - s were already in use when the pyramids were built .
* * * * *
topic ( page 359 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what is topic derived , and with what meaning ?
2 .
how is question used in a similar sense , and why ?
3 .
is the general subject or theme properly known as the topic ?
to what is that name more appropriately given ?
examples .
my father . . .
always took care to start some ingenious or useful - - - - of discourse , which might tend to improve the minds of his children .
one of the most important rules in a deliberative assembly is , that every speaker shall speak to the - - - - .
the - - - - of the iliad is not the war of troy , but the wrath of achilles exhibited during and in connection with the war of troy .
* * * * *
transact , transaction ( page 360 ) .
questions .
1 .
how does transact differ from do ?
2 .
how does transact differ from treat and negotiate ?
3 .
how does negotiate compare with treat ?
4 .
how do transactions differ from proceedings ?
examples .
in the first parliament of james the house of commons refused for the first time to - - - - business on a sunday .
the treaty of peace that closed the war of 1812 had been already - - - - before the battle of new orleans was fought .
any direction of christ or any direction or act of his apostles respecting the - - - - of business in the church , is binding upon us , unless such direction or act was grounded upon peculiar circumstances then existing .
* * * * *
transient ( page 361 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the derivation of transient and transitory ?
2 .
how does transient differ in signification from transitory ?
3 .
what is the distinctive meaning of temporary ?
4 .
from what is ephemeral derived , and with what sense ?
5 .
how does ephemeral differ from transient or transitory ?
6 .
what does ephemeral suggest besides brevity of time ?
7 .
what is the derivation and meaning of fugitive ?
8 .
what is the distinctive meaning of evanescent ?
examples .
mirth is short and - - - - , cheerfulness fixed and permanent .
neither gratitude nor revenge had any share in determining his [ charles ii . ' s ] course ; for never was there a mind on which both services and injuries left such faint and - - - - impressions .
a - - - - chairman is commonly appointed at the opening of a meeting to conduct proceedings till a permanent presiding officer shall be elected .
* * * * *
union ( page 362 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is unity ?
2 .
what is union ?
3 .
how are unity and union contrasted ?
4 .
when may unity be predicated of that which is made up of parts ?
examples .
behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in - - - - .
out of the - - - - of roman and teutonic elements arose the modern world of europe .
* * * * *
utility ( page 363 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what is utility derived , and what is its primary meaning ?
2 .
how is utility discriminated from use and usefulness ?
3 .
what is the derivation and primary meaning of expediency ?
4 .
how are expediency and utility used as regards moral action ?
which is the inferior word in such use ?
5 .
how does policy in such use compare with expediency and utility ?
examples .
principle is ever my motto , not - - - - .
two words form the key of the baconian doctrine , - - - - and progress .
the ancient philosophy disdained to be useful , and was content to be stationary .
justice itself is the great standing - - - - of civil society , and any departure from it , under any circumstances , rests under the suspicion of being no - - - - at all .
the fundamental objection to the doctrine of - - - - , in all its modifications is that taken by dr .
reid , viz . , " that agreeableness and - - - - are not moral conceptions , nor have they any connection with morality .
what a man does merely because it is agreeable is not virtue . "
* * * * *
vacant ( page 363 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the meaning of empty ?
of vacant ?
2 .
to what does vacant especially refer ?
3 .
what is the difference between an empty house and a vacant house ?
4 .
what is the difference in dignity between the two words ?
5 .
what is the significance of void and devoid ?
6 .
what does waste imply ?
7 .
in what sense is vacuous used ?
examples .
- - - - heads console with - - - - sound .
the watch - dog's voice that bay'd the whispering wind and the loud laugh that spoke the - - - - mind .
* * * * *
venal ( page 365 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what is venal derived , and with what meaning ?
mercenary ?
hireling ?
2 .
how are mercenary and venal discriminated from hireling ?
examples .
the closing quarter of the nineteenth century may be termed the - - - - era of american politics .
never before has legislation been so universally , so unscrupulously , and unblushingly for sale .
the body of greeks , immortalized under the name of the ten thousand , . . .
though embarking on a foreign - - - - service , were by no means outcasts , or even men of extreme poverty .
it is not the hire , but the working only for the hire that makes the - - - - .
* * * * *
veneration ( page 366 ) .
questions .
1 .
by what qualities is awe inspired ?
2 .
what elements are present and what lacking in awe ?
3 .
what is dread and by what aroused ?
4 .
how do reverence and veneration differ from awe or dread ?
5 .
how does adoration compare with veneration ?
examples .
man craves an object of - - - - ; and if not supplied with that which god has appointed , will take what offers .
the italian climate robs age of its - - - - , and makes it look newer than it is .
* * * * *
venial ( page 367 ) .
questions .
1 .
from what is venial derived , and what does it signify ?
2 .
how does venial compare with pardonable ?
3 .
how does excusable differ from the above words ?
4 .
what very different word is sometimes confounded with venial ?
examples .
theft on the part of a starving man is one of the most - - - - of offenses .
under all the circumstances , the error was - - - - .
* * * * *
veracity ( page 367 ) .
questions .
1 .
do truth and verity apply to thought and speech or to persons ?
2 .
to what does veracity apply ?
truthfulness ?
3 .
into what two classes may the words in this group of synonyms be divided , and what words will be found in each class ?
examples .
on a certain confidence in the - - - - of mankind is founded so much of the knowledge on which we constantly depend , that , without it , the whole system of human things would go into confusion .
if all the world and love were young , and - - - - in every shepherd's tongue , these pretty pleasures might me move to live with thee and be thy love .
* * * * *
virtue ( page 370 ) .
questions .
1 .
what is the prominent idea in virtue ?
2 .
how does goodness differ from virtue ?
3 .
of what relations are honesty and probity used ?
4 .
how is honesty used in a sense higher than the commercial ?
5 .
what , in the full sense , is integrity ?
6 .
what is honor ?
7 .
what is purity ?
duty ?
8 .
what do rectitude and righteousness denote ?
9 .
to what does uprightness especially refer ?
10 .
what is virtuousness ?
examples .
- - - - is the fruit of exertion ; it supposes conquest of temptation .
in seeing that a thing is right , we see at the same time that it is our - - - - to do it .
it is true that - - - - is the best policy ; but if this be the motive of honest dealing , there is no real - - - - .
where is that chastity of - - - - that felt a stain like a wound ?
index .
abandon , 1 " renounce , 309 " surrender , 349
abandoned , addicted , 19
abase , 2
abash , 3
abate , 3 " abolish , 6 " alleviate , 33
abbreviation , 4 " abridgment , 7
abdicate , abandon , 1
aberration , insanity , 221
abet , 4 " help , 195
abetter , accessory , 13
abettor , accessory , 13
abhor , 5
abhorrence , abomination , 7 " antipathy , 48 " hatred , 193
abide , 5 " endure , 150
abiding , permanent , 269
ability , power , 279
abject , pitiful , 273
abjure , abandon , 1 " renounce , 309
able , adequate , 21 " clever , 109 " sagacious , 322
abode , home , 201
abolish , 6 " cancel , 92
abominable , criminal , 120
abominate , abhor , 5
abomination , 7
aboriginal , primeval , 287
abortive , vain , 364
abounding , plentiful , 276
aboveboard , candid , 93
abridge , restrain , 315
abridgment , 7 " abbreviation , 4
abrogate , abolish , 6 " cancel , 92
abrupt , bluff , 83 " steep , 342
absent , abstracted , 11
absent - minded , abstracted , 11
absolute , 8 " infinite , 216 " perfect , 268 " pure , 296
absolution , pardon , 262
absolve , 9 " pardon , 262
absorb , 9
absorbed , abstracted , 11
abstain , cease , 98
abstemiousness , abstinence , 10
abstinence , 10
abstract , v . , 10
abstract , n . , abridgment , 7
abstracted , 11
abstruse , complex , 112 " mysterious , 247 " obscure , 255
absurd , 11 " incongruous , 214
abundant , large , 229 " plentiful , 276
abuse , 12 " abomination , 7
abutting , adjacent , 22
accede , agree , 25
accelerate , quicken , 297
accept , agree , 25 " assume , 61 " confess , 114
acceptable , delightful , 126
accepted , authentic , 67
access , entrance , 154
accessible , friendly , 178
accession , entrance , 154
accessory , a . , auxiliary , 67
accessory , n . , 13 " appendage , 53
accident , 14 " hazard , 194
acclaim , praise , 280
acclamation , praise , 280
accompaniment , appendage , 53 " circumstance , 105
accompany , follow , 174
accomplice , accessory , 13 " associate , 60
accomplish , attain , 64 " do , 135 " transact , 360
accomplished , polite , 277 " skilful , 335
accomplishment , act , 16 " end , n . , 148
accord , v . , agree , 25
accord , n . , harmony , 191
accordance , harmony , 191
accordingly , therefore , 355
accost , address , v . , 19
account , v . , calculate , 90
account , n . , history , 200 " reason , n . , 302 " record , 304 " report , 311 " story , 343
accountability , duty , 142
accouterments , arms , 55 " caparison , 93
accredited , authentic , 67
accumulate , amass , 38
accurate , perfect , 268
accuse , arraign , 56
accustomed , addicted , 19 " usual , 362
acerb , bitter , 81
acerbity , acrimony , 15
acetous , bitter , 81
ache , pain , 261
achieve , attain , 64 " do , 135 " get , 183 " succeed , 346
achievement , act , 16 " career , 95 " end , n . , 148 " victory , 369 " work , 374
acid , bitter , 81
acidulated , bitter , 81
acidulous , bitter , 81
acknowledge , avow , 69 " confess , 114
acknowledgment , apology , 51
acquaintance , 15 " knowledge , 227
acquiesce , agree , 25
acquire , attain , 64 " get , 183 " purchase , 295
acquit , absolve , 9 " pardon , 262
acquittal , pardon , 262
acrid , bitter , 81
acrimonious , bitter , 81 " morose , 245
acrimony , 15 " enmity , 152
act , v . , transact , 360
act , n . , 16 " exercise , 162 " motion , 245 " transaction , 360
action , act , 16 " battle , 74 " behavior , 79 " exercise , 162 " motion , 245 " operation , 258 " transaction , 360 " work , 374
active , 17 " alert , 28 " alive , 30 " industrious , 215 " nimble , 253
activity , exercise , 162
actor , agent , 24 " cause , 98
actual , real , 301
actualize , do , 135
actuate , influence , 217
acumen , 18
acute , astute , 62 " sagacious , 322
acuteness , acumen , 18
adage , proverb , 293
adapted , adequate , 21
add , 18
addendum , appendage , 53
addicted , 19
addition , appendage , 53
address , v . , 19
address , n . , 20 " speech , 339
adduce , allege , 31
adept , skilful , 335
adequate , 21 " plentiful , 276
adherence , attachment , 63
adherent , 21
adhesion , attachment , 63
adhesive , 22
adieu , farewell , 168
adit , entrance , 154
adjacent , 22
adjoin , add , 18
adjoining , adjacent , 22
adjunct , appendage , 53
adjuration , oath , 254
administer , execute , 161
admiration , amazement , 39
admire , 23
admission , entrance , 154
admit , agree , 25 " allow , 35 " avow , 69 " confess , 114
admittance , entrance , 154
admixture , alloy , 36
admonish , reprove , 312
admonition , reproof , 311
adolescent , youthful , 375
adoration , veneration , 366
adore , admire , 23 " venerate , 366
adorn , 23
adroit , clever , 109 " skilful , 335
adroitness , address , n . , 20 " dexterity , 129
adulation , praise , 280
adulteration , alloy , 36
advance , v . , allege , 31 " amend , 41 " promote , 291 " quicken , 297
advance , n . , progress , 289
advancement , progress , 289
advantage , profit , 288 " utility , 363 " victory , 369
adventure , accident , 14
adventurous , brave , 85
adversary , enemy , 151
adversity , misfortune , 242
advert , allude , 36
advertise , announce , 46
advised , conscious , 116
advocate , abet , 4 " plead , 274
aerial , airy , 27
affable , friendly , 178
affair , battle , 74 " business , 88 " transaction , 360
affect , assume , 61
affectation , hypocrisy , 204 " pretense , 283
affection , attachment , 63 " disease , 134 " friendship , 179 " love , 235
affectionate , friendly , 178
affidavit , oath , 254 " testimony , 355
affinity , analogy , 43 " kin , 227
affirm , allege , 31 " state , 341
affirmation , testimony , 355
afflict , chasten , 103
affliction , grief , 187 " misfortune , 242
affix , add , 18
affluent , plentiful , 276
afford , endure , 150
affray , feud , 170
affright , n . , alarm , 28 " fear , 168
affright , v . , frighten , 180
affront , 24
age , time , 356
aged , old , 257
agency , operation , 258
agent , 24 " cause , 98
aggravate , affront , 24
aggregate , amass , 38
aggression , attack , n . , 64
aggrieve , abuse , 12
agile , active , 17 " nimble , 253
agitate , shake , 330
agitation , storm , 343
agnomen , name , 247
agnostic , skeptic , 334
agony , pain , 261
agree , 25
agreeable , amiable , 42 " comfortable , 110 " delightful , 126 " pleasant , 275
agreement , contract , 118 " harmony , 191
agricultural , rustic , 321
agriculture , 25
aid , v . , abet , 4 " promote , 291
aid , n . , adherent , 21 " auxiliary , 67 " help , 195 " subsidy , 345
aider , adherent , 21
ailment , disease , 134
aim , 26 " design , 128 " direction , 132 " reason , n . , 302
air , 27 " pretense , 283
airy , 27
akin , alike , 30
alarm , 28 " frighten , 180
alarming , awful , 70
alert , 28 " active , 17 " alive , 30 " nimble , 253 " vigilant , 369
alien , a .
& n . , 29
alienate , surrender , 349
alienation , insanity , 221
alike , 30 " synonymous , 349
aliment , food , 175
alive , 30
all , every , 158
allay , 31
allege , 31 " state , 341
allegiance , 32
allegory , 33 " fiction , 170
alleviate , 33 " allay , 31
alley , way , 372
alliance , 34 " association , 60 " kin , 227
allot , 34 " apportion , 54
allow , 35 " confess , 114 " endure , 150
allowance , pay , 266 " permission , 269 " subsidy , 345
alloy , 36
allude , 36
allure , 37 " draw , 138 " persuade , 271
ally , n . , accessory , 13 " adherent , 21 " associate , 60 " auxiliary , 67
almsgiving , benevolence , 80
also , 37
alter , change , v . , 100
alteration , change , n . , 101
alternative , 38
altho , notwithstanding , conj . , 254
amass , 38
amateur , 39
amazement , 39 " perplexity , 270
ambiguous , equivocal , 155 " obscure , 255
ambition , 40
ameliorate , amend , 41
amenable , docile , 136
amend , 41
amiable , 42
amicable , friendly , 178
amid , 42
amidst , amid , 42
amity , friendship , 179 " harmony , 191
amnesty , pardon , 262
among , amid , 42
amongst , amid , 42
ample , large , 229 " plentiful , 276
amplify , 43 " add , 18
amuse , entertain , 152
amusement , entertainment , 153
analogous , alike , 30
analogy , 43
analysis , abridgment , 7
anarchism , socialism , 338
anarchy , revolution , 317
anathema , oath , 254
ancient , antique , 48 " obsolete , 256 " old , 257 " primeval , 287
and , but , 89
anecdote , story , 343
anger , 44 " hatred , 193
anguish , anxiety , 49 " pain , 261
animadversion , reproof , 311
animal , a . , brutish , 87
animal , n . , 45
animate , alive , 30
animated , airy , 27 " alive , 30 " eager , 142
animosity , anger , 44 " enmity , 152 " feud , 170 " hatred , 193
annals , history , 200
annex , add , 18
annihilate , abolish , 6 " exterminate , 163
annotation , remark , 308
announce , 46 " speak , 339
annoy , affront , 24
annoyance , abomination , 7
annul , abolish , 6 " cancel , 92
anomalous , absurd , 11 " queer , 297
answer , 46
antagonism , antipathy , 48 " enmity , 152
antagonist , enemy , 151
antecedent , a . , previous , 285
antecedent , n . , cause , 98 " precedent , 282
antepast , anticipation , 48
anterior , previous , 285
anticipate , 47 " abide , 5 " prevent , 284
anticipation , 48
antipathy , 48 " hatred , 193
antiquated , antique , 48 " obsolete , 256 " old , 257
antique , 48 " old , 257
anxiety , 49 " care , 94
anxious , eager , 142
any , every , 158
apathy , 50 " stupidity , 344 " stupor , 344
aphorism , proverb , 293
apiece , 51
apocalypse , revelation , 316
apologize for , palliate , 261
apologue , fiction , 170
apology , 51 " defense , 123
apothegm , proverb , 293
appal , frighten , 180
appalling , awful , 70
apparatus , tool , 358
apparel , dress , 140
apparent , 52 " clear , 107 " evident , 159
appeal , address , v . , 19
appear , 52
appearance or semblance of , have , appear , 52
appearance , air , 27
appease , allay , 31
appellation , name , 247
append , add , 18
appendage , 53
appendix , appendage , 53
appetency , appetite , 54 " desire , 128
appetite , 54 " desire , 128
applaud , admire , 23
applause , praise , 280
appliance , tool , 358
application , exercise , 162 " industry , 216
appoint , allot , 34 " apportion , 54
apportion , 54 " allot , 34
appreciate , esteem , v . , 156
apprehend , anticipate , 47 " arrest , 57 " catch , 97 " perceive , 267
apprehension , alarm , 28 " anticipation , 48 " anxiety , 49 " fear , 168 " idea , 206 " knowledge , 227
apprised , conscious , 116
approach , address , v . , 19
approach , n . , approximation , 55 " entrance , 154
approbation , praise , 280
appropriate , abstract , 10 " apportion , 54 " assume , 61
approval , praise , 280
approve , admire , 25 " agree , 25
approximation , 55
appurtenance , appendage , 53
apostrophize , address , v . , 19
a priori , transcendental , 361
apt , clever , 109 " likely , 232 " sagacious , 322 " skilful , 335
aptitude , dexterity , 129 " power , 279
arbiter , judge , 224
arbitrary , absolute , 8
arbitrate , interpose , 222
arbitrator , judge , 224
archaic , obsolete , 256
archetype , example , 160 " idea , 206 " ideal , 206 " model , 243
archive , record , 304
archives , history , 200
ardent , eager , 142
ardor , enthusiasm , 153
arduous , difficult , 132
argue , plead , 274 " reason , v . , 302
argument , reason , n . , 302 " reasoning , 303
argumentation , reasoning , 303
arise , rise , 319
arising , beginning , 78
armament , army , 56
armor , arms , 55
arms , 55
army , 56 " array , 57
arraign , 56
arrangement , array , 57 " contract , 118
array , 57 " army , 56 " dress , 140
arrest , 57 " obstruct , 257
arrive , attain , 64 " reach , 300
arrogance , assurance , 61 " pride , 286
arrogant , absolute , 8 " dogmatic , 137
arrogate , assume , 61
art , artifice , 58 " business , 88 " science , 325
article , term , 354
article of belief , doctrine , 136 " of faith , doctrine , 136
articulate , speak , 339
artifice , 58 " fraud , 177
artificer , artist , 58
artisan , artist , 58
artist , 58
artistic , tasteful , 352
artless , candid , 93 " rustic , 321
as , because , 77
ascend , rise , 319
ascertain , discover , 133
ascribe , attribute , v . , 65
ashes , body , 84
ask , 59 " plead , 274 " pray , 281
asperity , acrimony , 15
asperse , slander , 336
asphyxia , stupor , 344
aspiration , aim , 26 " ambition , 40 " desire , 128
assail , attack , v . , 63
assassinate , kill , 226
assault , v . , attack , v . , 63
assault , n . , attack , n . , 64
assemblage , company , 110
assemble , convoke , 120
assembly , company , 110
assent , v . , agree , 25
assent , n . , faith , 164
assert , allege , 31 " state , 341
assertion , assurance , 61
asseverate , allege , 31 " state , 341
assiduity , industry , 216
assiduous , industrious , 215
assign , allege , 31 " allot , 34 " apportion , 54 " attribute , v . , 65 " commit , 110
assist , abet , 4 " help , 195 " promote , 291
assistant , accessory , 13 " auxiliary , 67
associate , 60 " accessory , 13 " attribute , v . , 65
association , 60 " acquaintance , 15 " class , 106
assuage , alleviate , 33
assume , 61
assumption , assurance , 61 " pretense , 283 " pride , 286
assurance , 61 " effrontery , 144 " faith , 164 " impudence , 213
assure , confirm , 114 " state , 341
assured , conscious , 116
astonishment , amazement , 39 " perplexity , 270
astute , 62
as well , also , 37
as well as , also , 37
at ease , comfortable , 110
atheist , skeptic , 334
atom , part , 264 " particle , 264
at once , immediately , 211
atonement , propitiation , 291
at rest , comfortable , 110
atrocious , barbarous , 73
attach , add , 18
attached , addicted , 19 " adjacent , 22
attachment , 63 " appendage , 53 " friendship , 179 " love , 235
attack , v . , 63
attack , n . , 64
attain , 64 " get , 183 " reach , 300 " succeed , 346
attainment , progress , 289 " wisdom , 372
attempt , v . , endeavor , v . , 149
attempt , n . , endeavor , n . , 150
attend , follow , 174 " listen , 232
attendant , accessory , 13
attention , care , 94 " industry , 216
attestation , testimony , 355
attire , dress , 140
attitude , 65
attract , allure , 37 " draw , 138
attraction , love , 235
attractive , amiable , 42 " beautiful , 76 " pleasant , 275
attribute , v . , 65
attribute , n . , 66 " characteristic , 103 " emblem , 146
audacity , effrontery , 144 " temerity , 353
augment , add , 18 " amplify , 43
augur , 66
august , awful , 70 " royal , 320
auspicious , propitious , 291
austere , severe , 329
authentic , 67 " real , 301
author , cause , 98
authoritative , absolute , 8 " authentic , 67 " dogmatic , 137
authority , permission , 269 " precedent , 282
authorization , permission , 269
authorized , authentic , 67
autobiography , history , 200
autochthonic , primeval , 287
autocratic , absolute , 8
automatic , spontaneous , 340
auxiliary , 67 " appendage , 53
avail , profit , 288 " utility , 363
avaricious , 68
avenge , 69 " requite , 313
avenging , revenge , 316
avenue , way , 372
aver , allege , 31 " avow , 69 " state , 341
averse , reluctant , 308
aversion , abomination , 7 " antipathy , 48 " hatred , 193
avocation , business , 88
avouch , avow , 69 " state , 341
avow , 69 " confess , 114 " state , 341
await , abide , 5
awake , vigilant , 369
award , allot , 34
aware , conscious , 116
awe , amazement , 39 " fear , 168 " veneration , 366
awful , 70
awkward , 70 " rustic , 321
axiom , 71 " proverb , 293
babble , 71
backbite , slander , 336
backer , adherent , 21
backward , reluctant , 308
backwardness , modesty , 244
bad , pernicious , 270
badinage , banter , 73
baffle , hinder , 199
bail , security , 326
balk , hinder , 199
balky , restive , 314
ban , v . , banish , 72
ban , n . , oath , 254
bandit , robber , 320
baneful , pernicious , 270
banish , 72 " exterminate , 163
bank , 72
bankrupt , break , 86
banter , 73 " wit , 373
bar , barrier , 74 " hinder , 199 " impediment , 213 " lock , 234 " obstruct , 257
barbarian , barbarous , 73
barbaric , barbarous , 73
barbarism , language , 228
barbarous , 73
barely , but , 89
bargain , contract , 118 " sale , 323
bargain for , purchase , 294
barricade , v . , obstruct , 257
barricade , n . , barrier , 74
barrier , 74 " boundary , 84 " impediment , 213
barter , business , 88 " sale , 323
barter for , purchase , 295
base , brutish , 87 " pitiful , 273
baseless , vain , 364
bashfulness , modesty , 244
bastinado , beat , 75
batter , beat , 75
battle , 74
battle array , array , 57
bawl , call , 91
beach , bank , 72
bear , abide , 5 " carry , 96 " endure , 150 " support , 348
bearing , air , 27 " behavior , 79 " direction , 132
bear up under , endure , 150
bear with , endure , 150
beast , animal , 45
beastly , brutish , 87
beat , 75 " conquer , 115
beauteous , beautiful , 76
beautiful , 76 " fine , 172 " graceful , 186
beautify , adorn , 23
because , 77 " therefore , 355
bechance , happen , 188
become , make , 236
becoming , 77
bedeck , adorn , 23
befall , happen , 188
befitting , becoming , 77
befoul , defile , 124
befriend , help , 195
beg , ask , 59 " plead , 274 " pray , 281
beggary , poverty , 279
beginning , 78
beguile , entertain , 152
behavior , 79 " air , 27
behold , discern , 133 " look , 234
belabor , beat , 75
beleaguer , attack , v . , 63
belief , doctrine , 136 " faith , 164 " fancy , 167 " idea , 206
belittle , disparage , 134
belles - lettres , literature , 233
bellow , call , 91
bemoan , mourn , 246
bend , 79
benefaction , gift , 184
beneficence , benevolence , 80
benefit , profit , 288 " utility , 363
benevolence , 80 " mercy , 239
benevolent , humane , 203
benign , propitious , 291
benignant , amiable , 42 " humane , 203
benignity , benevolence , 80 " mercy , 239
bequest , gift , 184
bereavement , misfortune , 242
beseech , ask , 59 " plead , 274 " pray , 281
beseeming , becoming , 77
beset , attack , v . , 63
beside , adjacent , 22
besides , also , 37 " but , 89 " yet , 374
besiege , attack , v . , 63
bestial , brutish , 87
bestow , give , 185
betide , happen , 188
betoken , augur , 66
better , amend , 41
between , amid , 42
betwixt , amid , 42
bevy , flock , 173
bewail , mourn , 246
bewilder , abash , 3
bewilderment , amazement , 39 " perplexity , 270
bewitching , beautiful , 76 " charming , 103
bias , bend , 79 " prejudice , 283
bid , pray , 281 " proposal , 292
bide , abide , 5
big , large , 229
bigotry , fanaticism , 166
bills , money , 244
bind , 81
biography , history , 200
birth , kin , 227
biting , bitter , 81
bitter , 81
bitterness , acrimony , 15 " enmity , 152 " feud , 170
bizarre , queer , 297
blab , babble , 71
black , dark , 122
blame , v . , condemn , 113 " reprove , 312
blame , n . , reproof , 311
blameless , innocent , 220 " perfect , 268
blanch , bleach , 82
blank , vacant , 363
blaspheming , oath , 254
blasphemy , oath , 254
blaze , v . , burn , 87
blaze , n . , fire , 173 " light , 231
bleach , 82
blemish , 82 " injury , 219
blessed , happy , 190 " holy , 200
blessedness , happiness , 189
blessing , mercy , 239
blind , artifice , 58
bliss , happiness , 189
blissful , happy , 190
blithe , happy , 190
blithesome , happy , 190
block , hinder , 199
blood , kin , 227
blot , blemish , 82 " stain , 341
blot out , cancel , 92
blow , 83 " misfortune , 242
bluff , 83
blunt , bluff , 83
blur , blemish , 82
blurt , babble , 71
blustering , bluff , 83
boast , ostentation , 259
boasting , ostentation , 259
bode , augur , 66
bodily , physical , 272
body , 84
bold , bluff , 83 " brave , 85
boldness , assurance , 61 " effrontery , 144 " impudence , 213 " pertness , 271
bolt , lock , 234
bondage , fetter , 169
bonds , fetter , 169
bonny , beautiful , 76
bonus , subsidy , 345
books , literature , 233
boon , gift , 184
boorish , awkward , 70 " rustic , 321
bootless , vain , 364
border , bank , 72 " boundary , 84
bordering , adjacent , 22
both , 84 " every , 158
bound , bank , 72 " boundary , 84 " end , n . , 148
boundary , 84 " end , n . , 148
boundless , infinite , 216
bounteous , plentiful , 276
bountiful , generous , 182 " plentiful , 276
bounty , benevolence , 80 " gift , 184 " subsidy , 345
bourn , boundary , 84
bourne , boundary , 84
bout , battle , 74
bow , bend , 79
box , blow , 83
boyish , youthful , 375
brain , mind , 241
brand , v . , burn , 87
brand , n . , blemish , 82
brandish , shake , 330
brass , effrontery , 144
brave , 85
bravery , prowess , 294
brawl , feud , 170
break , 86 " rend , 309
break off , end , v . , 148
breastwork , barrier , 74
breathing , alive , 30
breeding , behavior , 79 " education , 143
bribe , gift , 184
bridle , restrain , 315
bridle - path , way , 372
brief , a . , terse , 354 " transient , 361
brief , n . , sketch , 334
brigand , robber , 320
bright , clever , 109 " happy , 190
brim , bank , 72
bring , carry , 96
bring about , do , 135 " make , 236
bring into being , make , 236
bring low , abase , 2
bring over , persuade , 271
bring to an end , cease , 98
bring to pass , do , 135 " make , 236
brink , bank , 72
brisk , active , 17 " alert , 28 " alive , 30 " nimble , 253
briskness , pertness , 271
broad , large , 229
broil , feud , 170
brood , flock , 173
brook , endure , 150
brotherly , friendly , 178
browbeat , frighten , 180
bruise , beat , 75
brush , cleanse , 107
brusk , bluff , 83
brutal , barbarous , 73 " brutish , 87
brute , a . , brutish , 87
brute , n . , animal , 45
brutish , 87
buccaneer , robber , 320
bucolic , rustic , 321
buffet , blow , 83
bulky , large , 229
bullion , money , 244
bulwark , barrier , 74 " defense , 123
bungling , awkward , 70
buoyant , happy , 190
burden , load , 233
burglar , robber , 320
burlesque , caricature , 95 " wit , 373
burn , 87
burning , eager , 142 " fire , 173
burst , break , 86 " rend , 309
bury , hide , 197 " immerse , 212
business , 88 " duty , 142 " transaction , 360 " work , 374
bustling , active , 17 " alert , 28 " nimble , 253
busy , active , 17 " industrious , 215
but , 89 " notwithstanding , conj . , 254
butcher , kill , 226
butchery , massacre , 237
buy , purchase , 295
by , 89
by dint of , by , 89
by means of , by , 89
byword , proverb , 293
cabal , 90
cabalistic , mysterious , 247
cackle , babble , 71
cajole , allure , 37
calamity , accident , 14 " blow , 83 " catastrophe , 97 " misfortune , 242
calculate , 90 " esteem , v . , 156
call , 91 " convoke , 120
calling , business , 88
callow , youthful , 375
call together , convoke , 120
call upon , pray , 281
calm , v . , allay , 31
calm , a . , 91
calm , n . , rest , 313
calmness , apathy , 50 " patience , 265 " rest , 313
calumniate , slander , 336
canaille , mob , 243
cancel , 92
candid , 93 " honest , 202
candor , veracity , 367
canon , law , 229
cant , v . , tip , 357
cant , hypocrisy , 204 " slang , 336
capability , power , 279
capable , adequate , 21 " clever , 109
capacious , large , 229
capacity , power , 279
caparison , 93
capital , 94 " money , 244
capitulate , surrender , 349
caprice , fancy , 167
captivate , allure , 37
captivating , charming , 103
capture , arrest , 57 " catch , 97
carcass , body , 84
care , 94 " anxiety , 49 " oversight , 260 " prudence , 294
careen , tip , 357
career , 95
careful , vigilant , 369
carefulness , prudence , 294
carelessness , neglect , 251
caress , 95
cargo , load , 233
caricature , 95
carnage , massacre , 237
carnal , brutish , 87
carol , sing , 333
carp at , disparage , 134
carriage , air , 27 " behavior , 79
carry , 96 " convey , 119 " keep , 226 " support , 348
carry on , keep , 226 " transact , 360
carry out , do , 135 " execute , 161
carry through , do , 135
cartel , contract , 118
case , event , 158 " precedent , 282 " sample , 323
cash , money , 244
cashier , break , 86
cast , calculate , 90 " send , 327
cast down , abase , 2
caste , class , 106
castigate , beat , 75 " chasten , 103
castle , fortification , 176
cast off , abandon , 1
cast up , add , 18
casualty , accident , 14 " hazard , 194
cataclysm , catastrophe , 97
catalog ( ue , record , 304
catastrophe , 97
catch , v . , 97 " arrest , 57
catch , n . , lock , 234
causality , cause , 98
causation , cause , 98
cause , v . , make , 236
cause , n . , 98 " design , 128 " reason , n . , 302
caustic , bitter , 81
causticity , acrimony , 15
cauterize , burn , 87
caution , care , 94 " prudence , 294
cautious , vigilant , 369
cease , 98 " abandon , 1 " die , 130 " end , v . , 148
ceaseless , continual , 117
cede , abandon , 1 " give , 185 " surrender , 349
celebrate , 99 " keep , 226
celebrity , fame , 166
censure , v . , arraign , 56 " condemn , 113 " reprove , 312
censure , n . , reproof , 311
center , 99
ceremony , sacrament , 321
certain , authentic , 67 " conscious , 116 " real , 301
certainty , demonstration , 127
certification , testimony , 355
certified , conscious , 116
certify , confess , 114 " state , 341
cessation , end , n . , 148 " rest , 313
chaff , banter , 73
chagrin , v . , abash , 3
chagrin , n . , 100
chains , fetter , 169
chance , v . , happen , 188
chance , accident , 14 " event , 158 " hazard , 194
change , v . , 100 " convey , 119
change , n . , 101 " motion , 245 " sale , 323
changeless , permanent , 269
channel , way , 372
chant , sing , 333
char , burn , 87
character , 102 " characteristic , 103
characteristic , 103
charge , v . , arraign , 56 " attack , v . , 63 " attribute , v . , 65
charge , n . , care , 94 " career , 95 " load , 233 " oversight , 260 " price , 285
charitable , humane , 203
charity , benevolence , 80 " love , 235
charming , 103 " amiable , 42 " beautiful , 76
chase , follow , 174 " hunt , 203
chaste , pure , 296 " tasteful , 353
chasten , 103
chasten , reprove , 312
chastening , misfortune , 242
chastise , beat , 75 " chasten , 103
chastisement , misfortune , 242
chastity , virtue , 370
chat , babble , 71 " conversation , 118 " speak , 339
chatter , babble , 71 " speak , 339
chattering , garrulous , 181
cheat , artifice , 58 " fraud , 177 " hypocrite , 204
cheating , fraud , 177
check , v . , hinder , 199 " obstruct , 257 " reprove , 312 " restrain , 315
check , n . , reproof , 311
checkmate , conquer , 115
cheer , v . , cherish , 104 " entertain , 152
cheer , n . , entertainment , 153 " happiness , 189
cheerful , comfortable , 110 " happy , 190
cheering , a . , happy , 190
cheering , n . , praise , 280
cheers , praise , 280
cheery , comfortable , 110 " happy , 190
cherish , 104 " support , 348
chide , reprove , 312
chiding , reproof , 311
chief city , capital , 94
childish , youthful , 375
childlike , youthful , 375
chimerical , absurd , 11 " fanciful , 167
chirp , sing , 333
chirrup , sing , 333
chivalric , brave , 85
chivalrous , brave , 85 " generous , 182
choice , alternative , 38
choke , obstruct , 257
choler , anger , 44
choose , 104
chronicle , history , 200 " record , 304
chum , associate , 60
churlish , morose , 245
circle , class , 106
circulate , announce , 46
circumlocution , 105
circumscribe , restrain , 315
circumspect , vigilant , 369
circumspection , care , 94 " prudence , 294
circumstance , 105 " event , 158
circumstantial , minute , 242
citadel , fortification , 176
cite , allege , 31 " arraign , 56 " quote , 298
city , capital , 94
civil , polite , 277
civilization , refinement , 305
claim , allege , 31 " assume , 61 " right , 319 " state , 341
clamor , call , 91
clan , class , 106
clarified , fine , 172
clash , collision , 109
clashing , collision , 109
clasp , catch , 97 " lock , 234
class , 106
classes , lower , mob , 243
classic , pure , 296
classical , pure , 296
clay , body , 84
clean , cleanse , 107 " innocent , 220 " neat , 249 " pure , 296
cleanly , neat , 249
cleanse , 107 " amend , 41
clear , v . , absolve , 9
clear , a . , 107 " evident , 159 " fine , 172 " innocent , 220 " pure , 296
clear - sighted , astute , 62 " sagacious , 322
cleave , rend , 309
clemency , mercy , 239
clement , humane , 203 " propitious , 291
clever , 109 " skilful , 335
cleverness , acumen , 18 " dexterity , 129 " power , 279
cling to , cherish , 104
clique , class , 106
cloak , v . , hide , 197 " palliate , 261
cloak , n . , pretense , 283
clog , v . , hinder , 199 " obstruct , 257
clog , n . , impediment , 213 " load , 233
close , v . , end , v . , 148
close , a . , adjacent , 22 " avaricious , 68 " taciturn , 351
close , n . , end , n . , 148
clothes , dress , 140
clothing , dress , 140
cloudy , obscure , 255
clownish , awkward , 70 " rustic , 321
cloy , satisfy , 324
club , association , 60 " class , 106
clumsy , awkward , 70
clutch , catch , 97
coadjutor , accessory , 13 " associate , 60 " auxiliary , 67
coalition , alliance , 34 " union , 362
coarse , bluff , 83 " brutish , 87 " large , 229 " rustic , 321
coast , bank , 72
coax , allure , 37 " persuade , 271
coddle , caress , 95
code , law , 229
coerce , compel , 111
coercive , absolute , 8
cogency , power , 279
cognition , knowledge , 227
cognizance , knowledge , 227
cognizant , conscious , 116
cognomen , name , 247
cohesive , adhesive , 22
coin , money , 244
coincide , agree , 25
coincidence , analogy , 43
coldness , modesty , 244
colleague , accessory , 13 " associate , 60
collect , amass , 38 " convoke , 120
collected , calm , 91
collection , array , 57 " company , 110
collectivism , socialism , 338
collision , 109
colloquialism , slang , 336
colloquy , conversation , 118
color , pretense , 283 " stain , 341
colossal , large , 229
coma , stupor , 344
combat , v . , attack , v . , 63
combat , n . , battle , 74
combination , cabal , 90 " union , 362
combine , agree , 25
combustion , fire , 173
come , reach , 300
come after , follow , 174
comely , beautiful , 76 " becoming , 77
come to an end , cease , 98
come to pass , happen , 188
comfort , cherish , 104 " console , 117 " happiness , 189
comfortable , 110
comical , queer , 297
comity , friendship , 179
command , v . , govern , 185
command , n . , law , 229 " order , 258 " oversight , 260
commanding , absolute , 8
commandment , law , 229
commemorate , celebrate , 99
commencement , beginning , 78
commensurate , adequate , 21
comment , definition , 124 " remark , 308 " reproof , 311
commentary , definition , 124
commerce , business , 88
comminuted , fine , 172 " minute , 242
commiseration , pity , 273
commit , 110 " do , 135
commodious , comfortable , 110 " large , 229
common , general , 181 " mutual , 246 " normal , 253 " usual , 362
commonplace , general , 181
commonwealth , people , 266
communicate , announce , 46 " give , 185
communication , conversation , 118
communion , conversation , 118 " sacrament , 321
communism , socialism , 338
community , association , 60 " people , 266
commute , change , 100
compact , a . , terse , 354
compact , n . , alliance , 34 " contract , 118
companion , accessory , 13 " associate , 60
companionable , friendly , 178
companionship , acquaintance , 15 " association , 60
company , 110 " association , 60 " class , 106
compare , contrast , 118
comparison , analogy , 43
compass , attain , 64
compassion , mercy , 239 " pity , 273
compassionate , humane , 203
compel , 111 " bind , 81 " drive , 140 " influence , 217 " make , 236
compend , abridgment , 7
compendious , terse , 354
compendium , abridgment , 7
compensate , requite , 313
compensation , pay , 266
competency , power , 279
competent , adequate , 21
competition , ambition , 40
competitor , enemy , 151
complain , 112
complaint , disease , 134
complaisant , friendly , 178 " polite , 277
complete , v . , do , 135 " end , v . , 148
complete , a . , perfect , 268 " plentiful , 276 " radical , 299
completed , perfect , 268
completion , end , n . , 148
complex , 112 " obscure , 255
compliant , docile , 136
complicate , involve , 223
complicated , complex , 112 " obscure , 255
compliment , praise , 280
comply , agree , 25
component , part , 264
compose , allay , 31 " make , 236
composed , calm , 91
composite , complex , 112
composition , metrical , poetry , 277
composure , apathy , 50 " patience , 265
compound , complex , 112
comprehend , catch , 97 " perceive , 267
comprehension , knowledge , 227
compulsion , necessity , 250
compulsive , absolute , 8
compulsory , absolute , 8
compunction , repentance , 310
compute , calculate , 90
comrade , associate , 60
conceal , hide , 197 " palliate , 261
concede , allow , 35 " confess , 114
conceit , egotism , 145 " fancy , 167 " idea , 206 " pride , 286
conceivable , likely , 232
conceive , perceive , 267
concept , idea , 206
conception , fancy , 167 " idea , 206
concern , anxiety , 49 " business , 88 " care , 94
concise , terse , 354
conclave , cabal , 90 " company , 110
conclude , cease , 98 " end , v . , 148
conclusion , end , n . , 148 " demonstration , 127
concomitant , appendage , 53 " circumstance , 105
concord , harmony , 191
concourse , company , 110 " throng , 356
concupiscence , desire , 128
concur , agree , 25
concurrence , harmony , 191
concussion , blow , 83 " collision , 109
condemn , 113 " reprove , 312
condemnation , reproof , 311
condensed , terse , 354
condition , cause , 98 " term , 354
condolence , pity , 273
condole with , console , 117
condone , pardon , 262
conduct , v . , keep , 226 " transact , 360
conduct , n . , behavior , 79
confabulation , conversation , 118
confederacy , alliance , 34 " association , 60 " cabal , 90
confederate , accessory , 13 " associate , 60 " auxiliary , 67
confederation , alliance , 34 " association , 60
confer , deliberate , 125 " give , 185
conference , company , 110 " conversation , 118
confess , 114 " avow , 69
confession , apology , 51
confide , commit , 110
confidence , assurance , 61 " faith , 164
confine , restrain , 315
confines , boundary , 84
confirm , 114
conflagration , fire , 173
conflict , battle , 74 " collision , 109
conflicting , alien , a . , 29 " incongruous , 214
conformity , harmony , 191
confound , abash , 3 " refute , 306
confront , abide , 5
confuse , abash , 3 " displace , 135
confused , complex , 112 " heterogeneous , 196
confusion , amazement , 39 " chagrin , 100 " perplexity , 270 " revolution , 317
confute , refute , 306
conge , farewell , 168
congenial , delightful , 126
congenital , inherent , 218
conglomerate , complex , 112 " heterogeneous , 196
congratulate , 115
congregation , company , 110
congruity , harmony , 191
congruous , becoming , 67
conjectural , likely , 232
conjecture , v . , suppose , 348
conjecture , n . , hypothesis , 204
conjugal union , marriage , 236
conjunction , association , 60 " union , 362
conjure , pray , 281
connect , attribute , v . , 65
connection , association , 60
connoisseur , amateur , 39
conquer , 115 " beat , 75
conquest , victory , 369
consanguinity , kin , 227
conscious , 116
consciousness , mind , 241
consecrated , holy , 200
consent , v . , agree , 25
consent , n . , harmony , 191 " permission , 269
consent to , allow , 35
consequence , 116 " demonstration , 127 " end , n . , 148 " event , 158
consequent , consequence , 116
consider , calculate , 90 " deliberate , 125 " esteem , 156
considerable , large , 229
consideration , friendship , 179 " prudence , 294 " reason , n . , 302
consign , commit , 110
consistency , harmony , 191
console , 117
consonance , harmony , 191
consort , associate , 60
conspicuous , evident , 159
conspiracy , cabal , 90
constancy , industry , 216
constant , continual , 117 " permanent , 269
consternation , alarm , 28 " fear , 168
constituent , part , 264
constitute , make , 236
constitution , character , 102
constitutional , radical , 299
constrain , compel , 111 " make , 236 " restrain , 315
constraint , modesty , 244
construct , make , 236
consult , deliberate , 125
consume , absorb , 9 " burn , 87
consummate , v . , do , 135
consummate , a . , perfect , 268
consummation , act , 16 " end , n . , 148
contact , collision , 109
contagion , 117
contaminate , defile , 124
contemplate , look , 234
contemptible , pitiful , 273
contend , reason , v . , 302
content , satisfy , 324
contented , comfortable , 110
contention , feud , 170
contentment , happiness , 189
conterminous , adjacent , 22
contest , battle , 74 " feud , 170
contiguity , approximation , 55
contiguous , adjacent , 22
continence , abstinence , 10
continent , pure , 296
contingency , accident , 14 " event , 158 " hazard , 194
continual , 117
continue , abide , 5 " protract , 293
continuous , continual , 117
contract , 118
contraction , abbreviation , 4
contradictory , alien , a . , 29 " incongruous , 214
contrariety , difference , 131
contrary , alien , a . , 29 " incongruous , 214 " perverse , 272
contrast , v . , 118
contrast , n . , difference , 131
contrasted , alien , a . , 29
contriteness , repentance , 310
contrition , repentance , 310
contrivance , artifice , 58
control , v . , govern , 185
control , n . , oversight , 260
controlling , absolute , 8
controversy , feud , 170
controvert , reason , v . , 302
contumacious , obstinate , 256 " rebellious , 304
conundrum , riddle , 318
convene , convoke , 120
convenient , comfortable , 110
convention , company , 110
conversation , 118
converse , conversation , 118 " speak , 339
conversion , change , n . , 101
convert , v . , change , 100
convert , n . , 119
convey , 119 " carry , 96
convict , condemn , 113
conviction , faith , 164
convince , persuade , 271
convocation , company , 110
convoke , 120
cool , calm , 91
cooperate , help , 195
copious , plentiful , 276
copy , v . , follow , 174
copy , n . , duplicate , 141 " model , 243
cordial , friendly , 178
corporal , physical , 272
corporation , association , 60
corporeal , physical , 272
corpse , body , 84
corpuscle , particle , 264
correct , v . , amend , 41 " chasten , 103
correct , a . , perfect , 268
correlative , mutual , 246
correspondent , synonymous , 349
corresponding , synonymous , 349
corroborate , confirm , 114
corrupt , decay , 122 " defile , 124
cost , expense , 162 " price , 285
costume , dress , 140
coterie , class , 106
coterminous , adjacent , 22
count , calculate , 90
countenance , abet , 4
counteract , hinder , 199
counterpart , duplicate , 141
countless , infinite , 216
countrified , rustic , 321
country , rustic , 321
courage , fortitude , 176 " prowess , 294
courageous , brave , 85
course , career , 95 " direction , 132 " way , 372
court , address , v . , 19 " caress , 95
courteous , polite , 277
courtesy , address , n . , 20
courtly , polite , 277
covenant , contract , 118
cover , hide , 197 " palliate , 261 " shelter , 331
coveting , desire , 128
covetous , avaricious , 68
covey , flock , 173
cow , frighten , 180
coyness , modesty , 244
crabbed , morose , 245
crack , v . , break , 86
crack , n . , blemish , 82
craft , artifice , 58 " business , 88 " deception , 123
crafty , astute , 62
crave , ask , 59
craving , appetite , 54 " desire , 128
craziness , insanity , 221
create , make , 236
creator , cause , 98
creature , animal , 45
credence , faith , 164
credible , likely , 232
credit , faith , 164 " fame , 166
credulity , fanaticism , 166
creed , faith , 164
cremate , burn , 87
crew , cabal , 90
crime , abomination , 7 " sin , 332
criminal , 120
criminality , sin , 332
critic , amateur , 39
critical , minute , 242
criticism , reproof , 311
croak , complain , 112
crook , bend , 79
crop , harvest , 192
cross off , or out , cancel , 92
crotchety , queer , 297
crowd , company , 110 " mob , 243 " throng , 356
crowd out , displace , 135
cruel , barbarous , 73
crush , break , 86 " conquer , 115
crusty , morose , 245
cry , call , 91
cudgel , beat , 75
cuff , blow , 83
cull , choose , 104
culpable , criminal , 120
cultivated , polite , 277
cultivation , agriculture , 25 " education , 143 " refinement , 305
culture , agriculture , 25 " education , 143 " refinement , 305
cultured , polite , 277
cunning , a . , astute , 62
cunning , n . , artifice , 58 " deception , 123
curb , govern , 185 " restrain , 315
cure , recover , 305
cured , be , recover , 305
curious , inquisitive , 221 " queer , 297 " rare , 300
currency , money , 244
current , authentic , 67
curse , abomination , 7 " oath , 254
cursing , oath , 254
curve , bend , 79
custody , fetter , 169
custom , habit , 187
customary , general , 181 " usual , 362
cut , blow , 83
cutting , bitter , 81
daily , 121
dainty , delicious , 126 " fine , 172 " tasteful , 352
damage , abuse , 12 " injury , 219
danger , 121 " hazard , 194
dangerous , formidable , 176
dapper , neat , 249
daring , brave , 85
dark , 122 " mysterious , 247 " obscure , 255
darksome , obscure , 255
dart , send , 327
date , time , 356
daub , blemish , 82
daunt , abash , 3 " frighten , 180
dauntless , brave , 85
dawdling , slow , 337
day - dream , dream , 139
deadly , pernicious , 270
deal , apportion , 54 " sale , 323
deathless , eternal , 157
debar , prohibit , 290
debase , abase , 2
debasement , alloy , 36
debate , v . , deliberate , 125 " reason , v . , 302
debate , n . , reasoning , 303
decay , 122
decease , die , 130
deceit , deception , 123 " fraud , 177
deceitful , vain , 364
deceitfulness , deception , 123
deceiver , hypocrite , 204
decent , becoming , 77
deception , 123 " fraud , 177
deck , adorn , 23
declaim , speak , 339
declare , allege , 31 " announce , 46 " avow , 69 " speak , 339 " state , 341
decline , abate , 3 " die , 130
decompose , decay , 122
decorate , adorn , 23
decorous , becoming , 77
decoy , allure , 37
decrease , abate , 3
decree , law , 229
decrepit , old , 257
decry , disparage , 134 " slander , 336
deduction , demonstration , 127 " induction , 215
deed , act , 16 " work , 374 " transaction , 360
deem , calculate , 90 " esteem , v . , 156 " suppose , 348
deep , obscure , 255
defacement , blemish , 82
defame , abuse , 12 " slander , 336
default , neglect , 251
defeat , beat , 75 " conquer , 115
defect , blemish , 82
defend , keep , 226 " shelter , 331
defense , 123 " apology , 51
defer , protract , 293
defile , 124 " abuse , 12
definition , 124
deflect , bend , 79
deformity , blemish , 82
deft , skilful , 335
degrade , abase , 2
deist , skeptic , 334
delay , hinder , 199 " protract , 293
delaying , slow , 337
delegate , v . , send , 327
delegate , n . , 125
deleterious , pernicious , 270
deliberate , v . , 125
deliberate , a . , slow , 337
delicate , fine , 172 " tasteful , 352
delicious , 126 " delightful , 126 " tasteful , 352
delight , v . , entertain , 152
delight , n . , entertainment , 153 " happiness , 189
delighted , happy , 190
delightful , 126 " beautiful , 76 " charming , 103 " delicious , 126 " happy , 190
delight in , admire , 23
delinquency , sin , 332
delirium , insanity , 221
deliver , give , 185 " speak , 339
delusion , 127 " deception , 123
delusive , vain , 364
demand , ask , 59
demeanor , air , 27 " behavior , 79
dementia , insanity , 221
demolish , 127 " break , 86
demonstrable , real , 301
demonstrate , reason , v . , 302
demonstration , 127
denomination , name , 247 " term , 354
denouement , catastrophe , 97
denounce , condemn , 113
dense , obscure , 255
dent , blemish , 82
denunciation , oath , 254 " reproof , 311
deny , renounce , 309
depart , die , 130
depart from , abandon , 1
deplore , mourn , 246
deportment , behavior , 79
depose , state , 341
deposit , put , 296
deposition , testimony , 355
depravity , sin , 332
depreciate , disparage , 134 " slander , 336
depredator , robber , 320
depress , abase , 2
depth , wisdom , 372
depute , send , 327
deputy , delegate , 125
derange , displace , 135
derangement , insanity , 221
derision , banter , 73
derogate from , disparage , 134
descent , kin , 227
description , definition , 124 " report , 311
descry , discern , 133 " discover , 133 " look , 234
desert , abandon , 1
design , 128 " aim , 26 " end , n . , 148 " idea , 206 " model , 243 " reason , n . , 302 " sketch , 334
designation , name , 247
designer , cause , 98
desire , 128 " appetite , 54 " fancy , 167
desirous , eager , 142
desist , cease , 98 " end , v . , 148
despair , 129
despatch , kill , 226 " quicken , 297 " send , 327
desperation , despair , 129
despicable , pitiful , 273
despise , abhor , 5
despite , notwithstanding , prep . , 254
despoiler , robber , 320
despondency , despair , 129
despotic , absolute , 8
destine , allot , 34
destiny , necessity , 250
destitution , poverty , 279
destroy , abolish , 6 " break , 86 " demolish , 127 " exterminate , 163 " subvert , 346
destructive , pernicious , 270
detach , abstract , 10
detail , circumstance , 105
detailed , minute , 242
detain , arrest , 57 " keep , 226
detect , discover , 133
deterioration , alloy , 36
determination , aim , 26
determined , obstinate , 256
detest , abhor , 5
detestation , abomination , 7 " antipathy , 48 " hatred , 193
detract from , disparage , 134
detriment , injury , 219
detrimental , pernicious , 270
develop , amplify , 43
developed , real , 301
development , education , 143 " progress , 289
deviate , bend , 79 " wander , 371
device , artifice , 58 " design , 128
devoted , addicted , 19 " faithful , 165 " holy , 200
devotion , allegiance , 32 " attachment , 63 " enthusiasm , 153 " friendship , 179 " love , 235 " religion , 307
dexterity , 129 " address , n . , 20 " power , 279
dexterous , clever , 109 " happy , 190 " skilful , 335
dialect , language , 228
dialog ( ue , conversation , 118
diaphanous , clear , 107
dictatorial , absolute , 8 " dogmatic , 137
diction , 130 " language , 228
dictum , proverb , 293
die , 130
diet , food , 175
difference , 131
differentiate , contrast , 118
difficult , 132 " obscure , 255
difficulty , impediment , 213
diffidence , modesty , 244
diffuseness , circumlocution , 105
digest , abridgment , 7
digress , wander , 371
dilate , amplify , 43
dilatory , slow , 337
dilettante , amateur , 39
diligence , industry , 216
diligent , active , 17 " industrious , 215
dim , dark , 122 " faint , 164 " obscure , 255
diminish , abate , 3
diminutive , minute , 242
dip , immerse , 212 " tip , 357
dire , awful , 70
direct , govern , 185
direction , 132 " care , 94 " order , 258 " oversight , 260
directly , immediately , 211
direful , awful , 70
disadvantage , injury , 219
disagreement , difference , 131
disallow , prohibit , 290
disappointment , chagrin , 100 " misfortune , 242
disapproval , reproof , 311
disarrange , displace , 135
disaster , accident , 14 " blow , 83 " catastrophe , 97 " misfortune , 242
disavow , renounce , 309
disbelief , doubt , n . , 138
disbeliever , skeptic , 334
discard , renounce , 309
discern , 133 " discover , 133 " look , 234
discernible , evident , 159
discerning , astute , 62 " sagacious , 322
discernment , acumen , 18 " wisdom , 372
discharge , absolve , 9 " banish , 72 " cancel , 92 " do , 135 " send , 327
disciple , adherent , 21 " convert , 119 " scholar , 324
discipline , v . , chasten , 103 " teach , 353
discipline , n . , education , 143
disclaim , renounce , 309
disclose , confess , 114 " discover , 133
disclosure , revelation , 316
discolor , stain , 341
discomfit , conquer , 115
discompose , abash , 3
discomposure , chagrin , 100
disconcert , abash , 3
discontinue , abandon , 1 " cease , 98
discordant , heterogeneous , 196 " incongruous , 214
discouragement , despair , 129
discourse , conversation , 118 " speak , 339 " speech , 339
discourteous , bluff , 83
discover , 133 " catch , 97
discredit , abase , 2 " disparage , 134
discrepancy , difference , 131
discrepant , incongruous , 214
discretion , address , n . , 20 " prudence , 294 " wisdom , 372
discriminate , abstract , 10 " contrast , 118 " discern , 133
discriminating , astute , 62
discrimination , difference , 131
discuss , reason , v . , 302
disdain , pride , 286
disease , 134
disfigurement , blemish , 82
disgrace , v . , abase , 2 " stain , 341
disgrace , n . , blemish , 82
disguise , v . , hide , 197
disguise , n . , pretense , 283
disgust , abomination , 7 " antipathy , 48
dishearten , abash , 3
dishonesty , fraud , 177
dishonor , v . , abase , 2 " disparage , 134 " stain , 341
dishonor , n . , blemish , 82
disinclined , reluctant , 308
disinfect , cleanse , 107
disintegration , revolution , 317
disinterested , generous , 182
dislike , v . , abhor , 5
dislike , n . , antipathy , 48 " hatred , 193
dislodge , banish , 72
dismal , dark , 122
dismay , v . , frighten , 180
dismay , n . , alarm , 28 " chagrin , 100 " fear , 168
dismiss , banish , 72 " send , 327
disobedient , rebellious , 304
disorder , disease , 134 " revolution , 317
disown , renounce , 309
disparage , 134 " abuse , 12 " slander , 336
disparity , difference , 131
dispassionate , calm , 91
dispense , apportion , 54
displace , 135
display , ostentation , 259
displease , affront , 24
displeasure , anger , 44 " pique , 272
disport , entertain , 152
dispose , influence , 217 " persuade , 271
disposed , addicted , 19
disposition , appetite , 54 " array , 57 " character , 102 " mind , 241
disprove , refute , 306
dispute , v . , reason , v . , 302
dispute , n . , feud , 170
disquiet , anxiety , 49
disquietude , alarm , 28 " fear , 168
disquisition , speech , 339
disregard , neglect , 251
disrespect , neglect , 251
dissemble , hide , 197
dissembler , hypocrite , 204
dissension , feud , 170
dissenter , heretic , 196
dissertation , speech , 339
dissimilar , heterogeneous , 196
dissimilarity , difference , 131
dissimilitude , difference , 131
dissimulation , deception , 123 " hypocrisy , 204 " pretense , 283
dissipation , excess , 160
distant , alien , a . , 29
distaste , antipathy , 48
distemper , disease , 134
distinct , clear , 107 " evident , 159
distinction , characteristic , 103 " difference , 131 " fame , 166
distinguish , abstract , 10 " discern , 133
distract , abstract , 10
distraction , perplexity , 270
distress , grief , 187 " misfortune , 242 " pain , 261 " poverty , 279
distribute , allot , 34 " apportion , 54
distributively , apiece , 51
distrust , v . , doubt , v . , 137
distrust , n . , doubt , n . , 138
disturb , displace , 135
disturbance , anxiety , 49 " perplexity , 270 " storm , 343
disused , obsolete , 256
diurnal , daily , 121
diverge , bend , 79 " wander , 371
divergence , difference , 131
diversify , change , v . , 100
diversion , entertainment , 153
diversity , change , n . , 101 " difference , 131
divert , abstract , 10 " entertain , 152
divide , allot , 34 " apportion , 54
divine , v . , augur , 66
divine , n . , holy , 200
division , part , 264 " topic , 359
do , 135 " execute , 161 " make , 236 " transact , 360
docile , 136
doctrinal , dogmatic , 137
doctrine , 136 " faith , 164
document , record , 304
dodge , artifice , 58
doer , agent , 24
dogged , morose , 245 " obstinate , 256
dogma , doctrine , 136
dogmatic , 137 " absolute , 8
doing , act , 16 " transaction , 360 " work , 374
domicil , home , 201
domineering , absolute , 8 " dogmatic , 137
donation , gift , 184
doom , condemn , 131
door , entrance , 154
doorway , entrance , 154
double - dealing , deception , 123
doubt , v . , 137
doubt , n . , 138 " perplexity , 270
doubter , skeptic , 334
doubtful , equivocal , 155 " obscure , 255 " precarious , 282
doughty , brave , 85
douse , immerse , 212
down , conquer , 115
draft , sketch , 334
drag , draw , 138
draw , 138 " allure , 37 " influence , 217
drawing , sketch , 334
draw out , protract , 293
dread , a . , awful , 70
dread , n . , alarm , 28 " anxiety , 49 " fear , 168 " veneration , 366
dreadful , awful , 70
dream , 139
dregs of the people , mob , 243
dress , 140
drill , exercise , 162 " teach , 353
drink in , drink up , absorb , 9
drive , 140 " banish , 72 " compel , 111 " influence , 217 " quicken , 297 " send , 327
drive on , quicken , 297
drive out , banish , 172
driveway , way , 372
droll , queer , 297
drollery , wit , 373
drove , flock , 173
drowsy , slow , 337
drudgery , work , 374
dubious , equivocal , 155 " precarious , 282
duck , immerse , 212
dull , dark , 122 " slow , 337
dulness , stupidity , 344
dumb , taciturn , 351
duplicate , 141
duplicity , deception , 123 " fraud , 177
durable , permanent , 269
durance , fetter , 169
duration , time , 356
duress , fetter , 169
dusky , dark , 122 " obscure , 255
dust , v . , cleanse , 107
dust , n . , body , 84
duty , 142 " business , 88 " virtue , 370
dwell , abide , 5
dwelling , home , 201
dye , stain , 341
each , apiece , 51 " every , 158
eager , 142
eagerness , enthusiasm , 153
earlier , previous , 285
earn , attain , 64 " get , 183
earnest , eager , 142 " security , 366
earnestness , enthusiasm , 153
earnings , pay , 266
ease , 143 " rest , 313
easiness , ease , 143
ebb , abate , 3
eccentric , queer , 297
economy , frugality , 180 " law , 229
ecstasy , enthusiasm , 153 " happiness , 189
edge , bank , 72 " boundary , 84
edict , law , 229
educate , teach , 353
education , 143
efface , cancel , 92
effect , v . , do , 135 " make , 236
effect , n . , act , 16 " consequence , 116 " end , n . , 148 " operation , 258
effeminate , feminine , 169
efficacy , power , 279
efficiency , power , 279
effort , endeavor , n . , 150 " industry , 216
effrontery , 144 " assurance , 61 " impudence , 213
egoism , egotism , 145
egotism , 145
either , every , 158
ejaculate , call , 91
eject , banish , 72
elderly , old , 257
elect , choose , 104
election , alternative , 38
elegance , refinement , 305
elegant , beautiful , 76 " fine , 172 " polite , 277 " tasteful , 352
element , part , 264 " particle , 264
elevate , promote , 291
elevated , high , 198
eliminate , abstract , 10
elongate , protract , 293
emanate , rise , 319
emancipation , liberty , 230
embarrass , abash , 3 " hinder , 199 " involve , 223 " obstruct , 257
embarrassment , perplexity , 270
embellish , adorn , 23
emblem , 146 " sign , 332
embolden , abet , 4
embrace , caress , 95
embroil , involve , 223
emend , amend , 41
emergency , necessity , 250
emigrate , 147
eminence , fame , 166
eminent , high , 198
emissary , spy , 340
emit , send , 327
emolument , profit , 288
emotion , sensation , 328
employ , 147
employed , industrious , 215
employment , business , 88 " exercise , 162 " work , 374
empty , vain , 364 " vacant , 363
emulation , ambition , 40
enactment , law , 229
enchanting , charming , 103
enclosure , boundary , 84
encomium , praise , 280
encounter , v . , attack , v . , 63
encounter , n . , battle , 74 " collision , 109
encourage , abet , 4 " cherish , 104 " console , 117 " help , 195 " promote , 291
encroachment , attack , n . , 64
encumber , hinder , 199
encumbrance , impediment , 213 " load , 233
end , v . , 148 " abolish , 6 " cease , 98
end , n . , 148 " aim , 26 " consequence , 116 " design , 128 " event , 158 " reason , n . , 302
endeavor , v . , 149
endeavor , n . , 150 " aim , 26
endless , eternal , 157
endorse , confess , 114
endurance , fortitude , 176 " patience , 265
endure , 150 " abide , 5
enduring , permanent , 269
enemy , 151
energetic , active , 17
energy , power , 279
enforce , execute , 161
engage , bind , 81
engaged , industrious , 215
engagement , battle , 74 " contract , 118
engaging , amiable , 42
engross , absorb , 9 " employ , 147
enigma , riddle , 318
enigmatic , equivocal , 155
enigmatical , equivocal , 155 " mysterious , 247 " obscure , 255
enjoy , admire , 23
enjoyment , entertainment , 153 " happiness , 189
enlarge , add , 18 " amplify , 43
enlighten , teach , 353
enlightenment , wisdom , 372
enliven , entertain , 152
enmity , 152 " feud , 170 " hatred , 193
enormous , large , 229
enough , plentiful , 276
enrapturing , charming , 103
enrolment , record , 304
ensample , example , 160
ensnare , catch , 97
ensue , follow , 174
entangle , involve , 223
entangled , complex , 112
enter , reach , 300
entertain , 152 " cherish , 104
entertainment , 153
enthusiasm , 153
enthusiastic , eager , 142
entice , allure , 37 " draw , 138 " persuade , 271
entire , radical , 299 " perfect , 268
entomb , hide , 197
entrance , 154
entrancing , charming , 103
entrap , catch , 97
entreat , ask , 59 " plead , 274 " pray , 281
entree , entrance , 154
entrust , commit , 110
entry , entrance , 154 " record , 304
enumerate , calculate , 90
enumeration , record , 304
enunciate , announce , 46 " speak , 339
envious , 155
eon , time , 356
eonian , eternal , 157
ephemeral , transient , 361
episode , event , 158
epithet , name , 247
epitome , abridgment , 7
epoch , time , 356
equal , adequate , 21 " alike , 30
equitable , honest , 202
equity , justice , 225
equivalent , alike , 30 " synonymous , 349
equivocal , 155 " precarious , 282
era , time , 356
eradicate , abolish , 6 " exterminate , 163
erase , cancel , 92
err , wander , 371
erratic , queer , 297
erroneous , absurd , 11
error , delusion , 127
erudition , knowledge , 227 " wisdom , 372
espousal , marriage , 236
essay , v . , endeavor , v . , 149
essay , n . , endeavor , n . , 150
essential , inherent , 218 " necessary , 250 " necessity , 250 " radical , 299 " real , 301
establish , confirm , 114 " make , 236 " reason , v . , 302
esteem , v . , 156 " admire , 23
esteem , n . , 157 " attachment , 63 " friendship , 179
esthetic , tasteful , 352
esthetical , tasteful , 352
estimate , v . , calculate , 90 " esteem , v . , 156
estimate , n . , esteem , n . , 157
estimation , attachment , 63 " esteem , n . , 157
eternal , 157 " infinite , 216
ethereal , airy , 27
eucharist , sacrament , 321
eulogy , praise , 280
euphony , meter , 240
evanescent , transient , 361
even , horizontal , 202
event , 158 " circumstance , 105 " consequence , 116
everlasting , eternal , 157
ever - living , eternal , 157
every , 158
everyday , general , 181 " usual , 362
evict , banish , 72
evidence , demonstration , 127 " testimony , 355
evident , 159 " clear , 107
evil , a . , pernicious , 270
evil , n . , abomination , 7 " injury , 219 " sin , 332
exact , minute , 242
exacting , absolute , 8
exaggeration , caricature , 95
exalt , promote , 291
exalted , high , 198
example , 160 " model , 243 " precedent , 282 " sample , 323
exasperate , affront , 24
exasperation , anger , 44
excellence , virtue , 370
excellent , fine , 172
except , but , 89
excerpt , quote , 298
excess , 160
exchange , v . , change , v . , 100
exchange , n . , sale , 323
excite , influence , 217 " promote , 291
excitement , enthusiasm , 153
exclaim , call , 91
exculpate , absolve , 9
exculpation , apology , 51
excursion , journey , 223
excusable , venial , 367
excuse , apology , 51 " pardon , 262 " pretense , 283
execration , abomination , 7 " oath , 254
execute , 161 " do , 135 " kill , 226 " make , 236
execution , act , 16 " operation , 258
exemplar , example , 160
exemplification , example , 160 " sample , 323
exempt , absolve , 9
exemption , right , 319
exercise , 162 " act , 16
exertion , act , 16 " endeavor , n . , 150 " exercise , 162 " industry , 216 " work , 374
exhaust , absorb , 9 " tire , 357
exhausted , faint , 164
exhausting , difficult , 132
exhibition , array , 57
exigency , necessity , 250
exile , banish , 72
existent , alive , 30
existing , alive , 30
exonerate , absolve , 9
exorbitance , excess , 160
expand , amplify , 43
expatiate , amplify , 43
expatriate , banish , 72
expect , abide , 5 " anticipate , 47
expectancy , anticipation , 48
expectation , anticipation , 48
expediency , profit , 288 " utility , 363
expedite , quicken , 297
expedition , journey , 223
expeditious , active , 17
expel , banish , 72 " exterminate , 163
expenditure , expense , 162 " price , 285
expense , 162 " price , 285
experience , acquaintance , 15 " knowledge , 227
expert , clever , 109 " skilful , 335
expertness , dexterity , 129 " ease , 143 " power , 279
expiate , amplify , 43
expiation , propitiation , 291
expiration , end , n . , 148
expire , die , 130 " end , v . , 148
explanation , definition , 124
explicit , 162 " clear , 107
exploit , act , 16
expose , discover , 133
exposition , definition , 124
expostulate with , reprove , 312
express , v . , speak , 339 " state , 341
express , a . , explicit , 162
expression , air , 27 " diction , 130 " language , 228 " term , 354
expunge , cancel , 92
exquisite , beautiful , 76 " delicious , 126 " fine , 172 " tasteful , 352
extemporaneous , 163
extemporary , extemporaneous , 163
extempore , extemporaneous , 163
extend , add , 18 " amplify , 43 " protract , 293
extension , appendage , 53
extensive , large , 229
extent , end , n . , 148
extenuate , palliate , 261
exterminate , 163 " abolish , 6
extinguish , subvert , 346
extirpate , abolish , 6 " exterminate , 163
extol , admire , 23
extract , quote , 298
extraordinary , queer , 297 " rare , 300
extravagance , enthusiasm , 153 " excess , 160
extravaganza , caricature , 95
extreme , radical , 299
extremity , end , n . , 148 " necessity , 250
exuberant , plentiful , 276
fabianism , socialism , 338
fable , allegory , 33 " fiction , 170
fabricate , make , 236
fabrication , deception , 123 " fiction , 170
facetiousness , wit , 373
facilitate , quicken , 297
facility , ease , 143
facsimile , duplicate , 141 " model , 243
fact , circumstance , 105 " event , 158
faction , cabal , 90
factious , perverse , 272
factor , agent , 24
faculty , power , 279
fade , die , 130
faded , faint , 164
fadeless , eternal , 157
fag , tire , 357
failure , misfortune , 242 " neglect , 251
faint , 164
faint - hearted , faint , 164
fainting , stupor , 344
fair , beautiful , 76 " candid , 93 " honest , 202
fairness , justice , 225
fair play , justice , 225
fairylike , airy , 27
faith , 164 " religion , 307 " article of , doctrine , 136
faithful , 165 " honest , 202
faithfulness , allegiance , 32 " justice , 225 " virtue , 370
fall , happen , 188
fallacy , delusion , 127
fall out , happen , 188
fall upon , attack , v . , 63
false , absurd , 11
falsehood , deception , 123 " fiction , 170
faltering , faint , 164
fame , 166
familiar , general , 181 " usual , 362
familiarity , acquaintance , 15 " association , 60
family , kin , 227
fanaticism , 166 " enthusiasm , 153
fanciful , 167
fancy , 167 " dream , 139 " idea , 206 " imagination , 209
fantastic , fanciful , 167 " queer , 297
fantasy , dream , 139 " idea , 206 " imagination , 209
fare , food , 175
farewell , 168
farming , agriculture , 25
fascinating , charming , 103
fashion , v . , make , 236
fashion , n . , air , 27 " habit , 187
fasten , bind , 81
fastening , lock , 234
fastidious , tasteful , 352
fasting , abstinence , 10
fastness , fortification , 176
fatality , necessity , 250
fate , necessity , 250 " predestination , 282
fatigue , tire , 357
fatigued , faint , 164
fatuity , idiocy , 207
fault , blemish , 82 " sin , 332
faultless , innocent , 220 " perfect , 268
fauna , animal , 45
favor , n . , esteem , n . , 157 " friendship , 179 " mercy , 239
favorable , friendly , 178 " propitious , 291
favored , fortunate , 177
fealty , allegiance , 32
fear , 168 " alarm , 28 " anxiety , 49
fearful , awful , 70
fearless , brave , 85
feat , act , 16
feature , characteristic , 103 " circumstance , 105
federation , alliance , 34 " association , 60
fee , pay , 266
feeble , faint , 164
feed , food , 175
feeling , sensation , 328 " sensibility , 328
feign , assume , 61
felicitate , congratulate , 115
felicitous , happy , 190
felicity , happiness , 189
fellow , associate , 60
fellowship , acquaintance , 15 " association , 60
felonious , criminal , 120
female , feminine , 169
feminine , 169
ferocious , fierce , 171
ferret out , discover , 133
fervency , enthusiasm , 153
fervent , eager , 142
fervor , enthusiasm , 153
fetter , v . , bind , 81
fetter , n . , 169
feud , 170
fiction , 170 " allegory , 33
fidgety , restive , 314
fierce , 171
fiery , fierce , 171
fight , battle , 74
figment , fiction , 170
figure , emblem , 146
fill , satisfy , 324
final cause , design , 128
finale , end , n . , 148
financial , 172
find , discover , 133
find fault , complain , 112
find fault with , reprove , 312
find out , discover , 133
fine , 172 " beautiful , 76 " minute , 242 " tasteful , 352
finesse , artifice , 58 " deception , 123
finis , end , n . , 148
finish , v . , cease , 98 " do , 135 " end , v . , 148
finish , n . , end , n . , 148
finished , perfect , 268
fire , 173
fireside , home , 201
firm , faithful , 165 " obstinate , 256
fiscal , financial , 172
fit , adequate , 21 " becoming , 77
fitted , adequate , 21
fitting , adequate , 21 " becoming , 77
fix , bind , 81 " confirm , 114
fixed , obstinate , 256 " permanent , 269
flagitious , criminal , 120
flame , burn , 87 " fire , 173 " light , 231
flap , shake , 330
flare , light , 231
flash , burn , 87 " light , 231
flat , horizontal , 202
flatter , caress , 95
flattery , praise , 280
flavorous , racy , 299
flaw , blemish , 82
fleeting , transient , 361
flicker , light , 231
flight , career , 95
fling , send , 327 " sneer , 337
flippancy , pertness , 271
flitting , transient , 361
flock , 173
flog , beat , 75
floriculture , agriculture , 25
flourish , v . , succeed , 346
flourish , n . , ostentation , 269
flow , rise , 319
fluctuate , 173 " shake , 330
fluid , 174
flutter , shake , 330
flying , transient , 361
fodder , food , 175
foe , enemy , 157
foil , hinder , 199
follow , 174
follower , accessory , 13 " adherent , 21
folly , idiocy , 207
foment , promote , 291
fond , friendly , 178
fondle , caress , 95
fondness , love , 235
food , 175
foolhardiness , temerity , 353
foolish , absurd , 11
foolishness , idiocy , 207
footmark , trace , 359
footpad , robber , 320
footprint , trace , 359
footstep , trace , 359
for , because , 77
forage , food , 175
forager , robber , 320
forbearance , mercy , 239 " pardon , 262 " patience , 265
forbid , prohibit , 290
force , v . , compel , 111 " make , 236
force , n . , army , 56 " operation , 258 " power , 279
forces , army , 56
forcible , racy , 299
forebode , augur , 66
foreboding , anticipation , 48 " anxiety , 49
forecast , v . , anticipate , 47
forecast , n . , anticipation , 48 " prudence , 294
forego , abandon , 1
foregoing , previous , 285
foreign , alien , a . , 29
foreigner , alien , n . , 29
foreknowledge , predestination , 282
foreordination , predestination , 282
foresight , anticipation , 48 " prudence , 294 " wisdom , 372
forestall , prevent , 284
foretaste , v . , anticipate , 47
foretaste , n . , anticipation , 48
foretell , augur , 66
forethought , anticipation , 48 " care , 94 " prudence , 294
forgive , absolve , 9 " pardon , 262
forgiveness , mercy , 239 " pardon , 262
forgiving , humane , 203
form , body , 84
formalism , hypocrisy , 204
former , previous , 285
formidable , 176
form or system of government , polity , 278
formula , law , 229
forsake , abandon , 1
forswear , abandon , 1 " renounce , 309
fort , fortification , 176
forthwith , immediately , 211
fortification , 176
fortitude , 176 " patience , 265
fortress , defense , 123 " fortification , 176
fortuity , accident , 14 " hazard , 194
fortunate , 177 " happy , 190
fortune , event , 158
forward , v . , promote , 291 " send , 327
forward , a . , previous , 285
forwardness , impudence , 213 " pertness , 271
foster , cherish , 104 " help , 195 " promote , 291
foul , pernicious , 270
fount , beginning , 78
fountain , beginning , 78 " cause , 98
fraction , part , 264
fractious , perverse , 272 " restive , 314
fracture , break , 86
fragment , part , 264
frame , body , 84 " make , 236
franchise , right , 319
frank , bluff , 83 " candid , 93 " honest , 202
frankness , veracity , 367
fraternity , association , 60
fraud , 177 " artifice , 58 " deception , 123
fray , feud , 170
free , absolve , 9 " generous , 182 " spontaneous , 340
freebooter , robber , 320
freedom , liberty , 230
free - handed , generous , 182
free - hearted , generous , 182
freethinker , skeptic , 334
freight , load , 233
frenzy , enthusiasm , 153 " insanity , 221
frequent , general , 181 " usual , 362
fresh , new , 252
fretful , restive , 314
fretfulness , anger , 44 " anxiety , 49
fretting , anxiety , 49
friend , associate , 60
friendliness , friendship , 179
friendly , 178 " propitious , 291
friendship , 179 " acquaintance , 15 " association , 60 " attachment , 63 " love , 235
fright , alarm , 28 " fear , 168
frighten , 180
frightful , awful , 70
frisky , restive , 314
frolic , entertainment , 153
frolicsome , airy , 27
frontier , boundary , 84
front , previous , 285
froward , perverse , 272
frugality , 180 " abstinence , 10 " prudence , 294
fruit , harvest , 192
fruitless , vain , 364
frustrate , hinder , 199
fugitive , transient , 361
fulfil , do , 135 " keep , 226
fulfilment , end , n . , 148
full , plentiful , 276
fun , entertainment , 153 " wit , 373
function , duty , 142
fundamental , radical , 299
funds , money , 244
funny , queer , 297
furious , fierce , 171
furnish , give , 185
further , v . , promote , 291 " quicken , 297
further , adv . , but , 89 " yet , 374
fury , anger , 44
fusion , alliance , 34
futile , vain , 364
gabble , babble , 71
gage , security , 326
gaiety , happiness , 189 " harmony , 191
gain , attain , 64 " get , 183 " profit , 288 " reach , 300
gallant , brave , 85
gallantry , prowess , 294
gang , cabal , 90
garb , dress , 140
gardening , agriculture , 25
garments , dress , 140
garnish , adorn , 23
garrulous , 181
gas , fluid , 174
gate , entrance , 154
gateway , entrance , 154
gather , amass , 38 " convoke , 120
gathering , company , 110
gauzy , fine , 172
gawky , awkward , 70
gay , airy , 27 " happy , 190
gaze , look , 234
gender , 181
general , 181 " usual , 362
generosity , benevolence , 80
generous , 182 " plentiful , 276
genial , comfortable , 110 " friendly , 178
genius , 183 " character , 102
genteel , polite , 277
gentle , amiable , 42 " docile , 136 " humane , 203
gentleness , mercy , 239
genuine , authentic , 67 " honest , 202 " pure , 296 " real , 301
get , 183 " attain , 64 " make , 236 " purchase , 295
get to , reach , 300
gibe , sneer , 337
gift , 184 " subsidy , 345
gifted , clever , 109
gigantic , large , 229
gild , adorn , 23
girlish , youthful , 375
give , 185 " allot , 34 " convey , 119 " surrender , 349
give instruction , teach , 353
give lessons , teach , 353
given , addicted , 19
given over or up , addicted , 19
give notice of , announce , 46
give oneself up , surrender , 349
give out , announce , 46
give over , cease , 98 " surrender , 349
give up , abandon , 1 " surrender , 349
glad , happy , 190
gladness , happiness , 189
glance , look , 234
glare , light , 231
glaring , evident , 159
gleam , light , 231
gleaming , light , 231
glimmer , light , 231
glistening , light , 231
glistering , light , 231
glitter , light , 231
gloomy , dark , 122 " morose , 245
glory , fame , 166
gloss over , palliate , 261
glow , light , 231
glowing , eager , 142
glut , satisfy , 324
glutinous , adhesive , 22
goal , aim , 26 " end , n . , 148
go after , follow , 174
go astray , wander , 371
godliness , religion , 307
gold , money , 244
good , honest , 202 " profit , 288
good - by , farewell , 168
good - natured , amiable , 42 " pleasant , 275
goodness , virtue , 370
good will , benevolence , 80 " friendship , 179
gossip , babble , 71
govern , 185
government , form or system of , polity , 278
government , seat of , capital , 94
grace , mercy , 239
graceful , 186 " beautiful , 76 " becoming , 77
gracious , humane , 203 " polite , 277 " propitious , 291
grade , class , 106
gradual , slow , 337
grain , particle , 264
grand , awful , 70 " large , 229
grant , allot , 34 " allow , 35 " apportion , 54 " confess , 114 " gift , 184 " give , 185 " subsidy , 345
grasp , attain , 64 " catch , 97
grateful , delightful , 126
gratification , happiness , 189
gratify , entertain , 152
gratifying , delightful , 126
gratuity , gift , 184
gray , old , 257
great , large , 229
greedy , avaricious , 68
greet , address , v . , 19
grief , 187
grievance , injustice , 220
grieve , mourn , 246
grip , catch , 97
gripe , catch , 97
grotesque , fanciful , 167 " queer , 297
ground , reason , n . , 302
group , company , 110 " flock , 173
growl , complain , 112
growth , harvest , 192 " progress , 289
grudge , hatred , 193 " pique , 272
gruff , morose , 245
grumble , complain , 112
grunt , complain , 112
guard , v . , keep , 226
guard , n . , defense , 123 " shelter , 331
guess , hypothesis , 205 " suppose , 348
guile , artifice , 58 " deception , 123
guileless , candid , 93 " innocent , 220 " pure , 296
guilt , sin , 332
guiltless , innocent , 220 " pure , 296
guilty , criminal , 120
gummy , adhesive , 22
gyves , fetter , 169
habiliments , dress , 140
habit , 187 " dress , 140
habitation , home , 201
habitual , general , 181 " usual , 362
habituated , addicted , 19
habitude , habit , 187
hail , address , v . , 19
hale , healthy , 195
half - hearted , faint , 164
hallowed , holy , 200
hallucination , delusion , 127 " dream , 139 " insanity , 221
hamper , hinder , 199
handcuffs , fetter , 169
handicraft , business , 88
handsome , beautiful , 76 " fine , 172
handy , skilful , 335
hankering , desire , 128
hap , accident , 14
happen , 188
happening , accident , 14
happiness , 189
happy , 190 " clever , 109 " fortunate , 177 " skilful , 335
harangue , speech , 339
harass , tire , 357
harbor , cherish , 104 " shelter , 331
hard , difficult , 132 " severe , 329
hardihood , temerity , 353 " effrontery , 144
hardship , misfortune , 242
hark , listen , 232
harken , listen , 232
harm , v . , abuse , 12
harm , n . , injury , 219 " misfortune , 242
harmful , pernicious , 270
harmonize , agree , 25
harmony , 191 " melody , 238
harness , arms , 55 " caparison , 93
harsh , bitter , 81 " severe , 329
harshness , acrimony , 15
harvest , 192
harvest - feast , harvest , 192
harvest - festival , harvest , 192
harvest - home , harvest , 192
harvesting , harvest , 192
harvest - tide , harvest , 192
harvest - time , harvest , 192
hasp , lock , 234
hasten , quicken , 297
hastiness , temerity , 353
hatch , flock , 173
hate , abhor , 5 " hatred , 193
hatred , 193 " abomination , 7 " antipathy , 48 " enmity , 152
haughtiness , pride , 286
haughty , absolute , 8
haul , draw , 138
have , 194
havoc , massacre , 237
hazard , 194 " accident , 14 " danger , 121
hazardous , precarious , 282
head , topic , 359
headstrong , obstinate , 256
heady , obstinate , 256
heal , recover , 305
healthful , healthy , 195
healthy , 195
heap up , amass , 38
hear , listen , 232
hearth , home , 201
hearthstone , home , 201
hearty , friendly , 178 " healthy , 195
heed , v . , follow , 174 " listen , 232
heed , n . , care , 94
heedless , abstracted , 11
heedlessness , neglect , 251 " temerity , 353
heel over , tip , 357
help , 195 " promote , 291
helper , accessory , 13 " auxiliary , 67
helpmate , associate , 60
hence , therefore , 355
henchman , accessory , 13
herald , announce , 46
herd , flock , 173
heresiarch , heretic , 196
heretic , 196
heroic , brave , 85
heroism , fortitude , 176 " prowess , 294
hesitancy , doubt , n . , 138
hesitate , fluctuate , 173
hesitation , doubt , n . , 138
heterogeneous , 196 " complex , 112
hidden , mysterious , 247 " obscure , 255
hide , 197 " palliate , 261
high , 198 " steep , 342
highroad , way , 372
highway , way , 372
highwayman , robber , 320
hinder , 199 " obstruct , 257 " prohibit , 290 " restrain , 315
hindrance , barrier , 74 " impediment , 213
hint , allude , 36 " suggestion , 347
hire , v . , employ , 147
hire , n . , pay , 266
hireling , venal , 365
history , 200 " record , 304
hitherto , yet , 374
hoard , amass , 38
hoary , old , 257
hoidenish , rustic , 321
hold , arrest , 57 " esteem , v . , 156 " have , 194 " keep , 226 " restrain , 315
hold back , restrain , 315
hold dear , cherish , 104
hold in , restrain , 315
hold up , support , 348
holiness , religion , 307
holy , 200 " perfect , 268 " pure , 296
homage , allegiance , 32
home , 201
homogeneous , alike , 30
honest , 202 " candid , 93
honesty , veracity , 367 " virtue , 370
honor , v . , admire , 23 " venerate , 366
honor , n . , fame , 166 " justice , 225 " virtue , 370
honorable , honest , 202
honorarium , pay , 266
hook , lock , 234
hope , v . , anticipate , 47
hope , n . , anticipation , 48
hopelessness , despair , 129
horizontal , 202
horrible , awful , 70
horrific , awful , 70
horror , abomination , 7 " fear , 168
horticulture , agriculture , 25
host , army , 56 " company , 110 " throng , 356
hostile , alien , a . , 29
hostility , antipathy , 48 " enmity , 152 " feud , 170 " hatred , 193
hot , eager , 142
house , home , 201
housings , caparison , 93
howbeit , notwithstanding , conj . , 254
however , but , 89 " notwithstanding , conj . , 254
huge , large , 229
hum , sing , 333
human , humane , 203
humane , 203
humanity , benevolence , 80
humble , abase , 2 " abash , 3 " chasten , 103 " conquer , 115
humiliate , abase , 2 " abash , 3
humiliation , chagrin , 100
humor , fancy , 167 " wit , 373
hunt , 203
hunting , hunt , 203
hurl , send , 327
hurry , quicken , 297
hurt , injury , 219
hurtful , pernicious , 270
husbandry , agriculture , 25
hygienic , healthy , 195
hypocrisy , 204 " deception , 123
hypocrite , 204
hypothesis , 205
idea , 206 " fancy , 167 " ideal , 206
ideal , 206 " example , 160 " idea , 206 " perfect , 268
identical , alike , 30 " synonymous , 349
idiocy , 207
idiom , language , 228
idle , 208 " vain , 364
ignite , burn , 87
ignorant , 208 " brutish , 87
ill , misfortune , 242
ill - advised , absurd , 11
ill - considered , absurd , 11
ill - defined , faint , 164
ill - doing , sin , 332
illegal , criminal , 120
ill - fortune , misfortune , 242
ill - humored , morose , 245
illimitable , infinite , 216
ill - informed , ignorant , 208
illiterate , ignorant , 208
ill - judged , absurd , 11
ill luck , misfortune , 242
ill - matched , incongruous , 214
ill - natured , morose , 245
illness , disease , 134
ill - treat , abuse , 12
illumination , light , 231
ill - use , abuse , 12
illusion , delusion , 127
illustrate , adorn , 23
illustration , allegory , 33 " sample , 323
ill - will , enmity , 152 " hatred , 193
image , emblem , 146 " fancy , 167 " idea , 206 " model , 243
imagination , 209 " idea , 206 " fancy , 167
imaginative , fanciful , 167
imagine , suppose , 348
imbecility , idiocy , 207
imbibe , absorb , 9
imbruted , brutish , 87
imitate , follow , 174
imitation , caricature , 95 " duplicate , 141 " model , 243
immaculate , innocent , 220 " perfect , 268 " pure , 296
immanent , inherent , 218
immature , youthful , 375
immeasurable , infinite , 216
immediately , 211
immemorial , old , 257 " primeval , 287
immense , large , 229
immerge , immerse , 212
immerse , 212
immigrate , emigrate , 147
imminent , 212
immobility , apathy , 50
immoral , criminal , 120
immorality , sin , 332
immortal , eternal , 157
immovable , obstinate , 256
immunity , right , 319
immutable , permanent , 269
impact , collision , 109
impairment , injury , 219
impart , give , 185
impartial , candid , 93
impartiality , justice , 225
impassibility , apathy , 50
impatience , anger , 44
impatient , eager , 142 " restive , 314
impeach , arraign , 56
impede , hinder , 199 " obstruct , 257
impediment , 213
impel , drive , 140 " influence , 217 " persuade , 271 " send , 327
impending , imminent , 212
imperative , absolute , 8
imperfection , blemish , 82
imperious , absolute , 8 " dogmatic , 137
imperishable , eternal , 157
impertinence , impudence , 213 " pertness , 271
impertinent , alien , a . , 29 " meddlesome , 238
imperturbable , calm , 91
impetuous , eager , 142 " fierce , 171
implement , tool , 358
implicate , involve , 223
implication , suggestion , 347
implore , ask , 59 " plead , 274 " pray , 281
imply , allude , 36 " involve , 223
impolite , bluff , 83
importunate , eager , 142
importune , pray , 281
impose on , abuse , 12
imposing , awful , 70
imposition , deception , 123 " fraud , 177
impostor , hypocrite , 204
imposture , artifice , 58 " fraud , 177
imprecation , oath , 254
impressibility , sensibility , 328
impression , idea , 206 " trace , 359
imprisonment , fetter , 169
impromptu , extemporaneous , 163
improve , amend , 41
improvement , profit , 288 " progress , 289
improvised , extemporaneous , 163
impudence , 213 " assurance , 61 " effrontery , 144 " pertness , 271
impulse , appetite , 54
impulsive , spontaneous , 340
impute , attribute , v . , 65
inactive , idle , 208 " slow , 337
in addition , also , 37
inadvertence , neglect , 251
inapposite , incongruous , 214
inappropriate , alien , a . , 29 " incongruous , 214
inasmuch as , because , 77
inattention , neglect , 251
inattentive , abstracted , 11
inauguration , beginning , 78
inborn , inherent , 218
inbred , inherent , 218
incandescence , light , 231
incapacity , idiocy , 207
inception , beginning , 78
incessant , continual , 117
incident , accident , 14 " circumstance , 105 " event , 158 " story , 343
incinerate , burn , 87 " influence , 217
incipience , beginning , 78
incite , abet , 4 " persuade , 271
incivility , impudence , 213
inclination , aim , 26 " appetite , 54 " attachment , 63 " desire , 128 " direction , 132 " fancy , 167
incline , bend , 79 " draw , 138 " influence , 217 " persuade , 271 " tip , 357
inclined , addicted , 19
include , involve , 223
incommensurable , incongruous , 214
incomparable , rare , 300
incompatible , incongruous , 214
incomprehensible , mysterious , 247 " obscure , 255
inconclusive , absurd , 11
incongruous , 214
inconsiderate , bluff , 83
inconsistency , difference , 131
inconsistent , incongruous , 214
inconstant , vain , 364
incorrect , absurd , 11
incorrupt , pure , 296
incorruptible , faithful , 165
increase , add , 18 " amplify , 43 " harvest , 192 " progress , 289
incredulity , doubt , n . , 138
incubus , load , 233
inculcate , teach , 353
incursion , attack , n . , 64
indecision , doubt , n . , 138
indefinite , equivocal , 155
indemnity , subsidy , 345
independence , liberty , 230
indeterminate , equivocal , 155
indicate , allude , 36
indication , characteristic , 103 " sign , 332
indict , arraign , 56
indifference , apathy , 50 " neglect , 251
indifferent , abstracted , 11
indigence , poverty , 279
indigenous , native , 248 " primeval , 287
indignation , anger , 44
indispensable , inherent , 218
indispensability , necessity , 250
indispensable , necessary , 250
indispensableness , necessity , 250
indisposed , reluctant , 308
indisposition , disease , 134
indistinct , equivocal , 155 " faint , 164 " obscure , 255
individually , apiece , 51
indoctrinate , teach , 353
indolent , idle , 208
indomitable , obstinate , 256
indubitable , evident , 159
induce , draw , 138 " influence , 217 " persuade , 271
induction , 215 " demonstration , 127
industrious , 215 " active , 17
industry , 216
indwelling , inherent , 218
ineffectual , vain , 364
inelegant , rustic , 321
inequality , difference , 131
inert , idle , 208 " slow , 337
inevitable , necessary , 250
inexorable , severe , 329
inexplicable , mysterious , 247
infallible , necessary , 250
infatuated , absurd , 11
infect , defile , 124
infection , contagion , 117
inference , demonstration , 127 " induction , 215
infidel , skeptic , 334
infirmity , disease , 134
infinite , 216
infixed , inherent , 218
inflexible , severe , 329 " obstinate , 256
influence , 217 " bend , 79 " govern , 185 " operation , 258 " persuade , 271
inform , state , 341 " teach , 353
information , education , 143 " knowledge , 227 " wisdom , 372
informed , conscious , 116
infrequent , rare , 300
infringement , attack , n . , 64
ingathering , harvest , 192
ingenious , clever , 109 " skilful , 335
ingenuity , address , n . , 20
ingenuous , candid , 93 " honest , 202
ingenuousness , veracity , 367
ingleside , home , 201
ingrained , inherent , 218 " radical , 299
ingredient , part , 264
ingress , entrance , 154
inhabit , abide , 5
inharmonious , incongruous , 214
inherent , 218
inhering , inherent , 218
inhibit , prohibit , 290
inhuman , barbarous , 73
iniquitous , criminal , 120
iniquity , abomination , 7 " injustice , 220 " sin , 332
initiate , teach , 353
initiation , beginning , 78
injunction , order , 258
injure , abuse , 12
injurious , pernicious , 270
injury , 219 " blemish , 82 " injustice , 220
injustice , 220 " injury , 219
inlet , entrance , 154
in like manner , also , 37
innate , inherent , 218 " native , 248 " radical , 299
innocent , 220 " candid , 93 " pure , 296
innocuous , innocent , 220
innovation , change , n . , 101
innoxious , innocent , 220
innuendo , suggestion , 347
innumerable , infinite , 216
inoffensive , innocent , 220
inquiring , inquisitive , 221
inquisition , hunt , 203
inquisitive , 221
insalubrious , pernicious , 270
insanity , 221
inscription , record , 304
inscrutable , mysterious , 247
insecure , precarious , 282
insecurity , danger , 121
insensibility , apathy , 50 " stupidity , 344 " stupor , 344
insensible , brutish , 87
inseparable , inherent , 218
insight , acumen , 18 " wisdom , 372
insinuate , allude , 36
insinuation , suggestion , 347
insolence , effrontery , 144 " impudence , 213 " pride , 286
inspect , look , 234
inspection , oversight , 260
inspiration , enthusiasm , 153
in spite of , notwithstanding , prep . , 254
instalment , part , 264
instance , precedent , 282 " sample , 323
instanter , immediately , 211
instantly , immediately , 211
instigate , abet , 4 " influence , 217
instill , teach , 353
instinct , mind , 241
instinctive , spontaneous , 340
instruct , teach , 353
instruction , education , 143 " order , 258
instrument , agent , 24 " record , 304 " tool , 358
insubordinate , rebellious , 304
insubordination , revolution , 317
insult , affront , 24
insurrection , revolution , 317
integrity , justice , 225 " virtue , 370
intellect , mind , 241
intellectual , clever , 109
intelligence , knowledge , 227 " mind , 241
intelligent , clever , 109 " sagacious , 322
intelligible , clear , 107
intemperance , excess , 160
intense , eager , 142
intensity , enthusiasm , 153
intent , a . , eager , 142
intent , n . , aim , 26 " design , 128 " end , n . , 148
intention , aim , 26 " design , 128
intentness , industry , 216
inter , hide , 197
intercede , interpose , 222
intercept , interpose , 222
interchangeable , mutual , 246 " synonymous , 349
intercourse , conversation , 118
interdict , prohibit , 290
interest , entertain , 152
interfere , interpose , 222
intermeddle , interpose , 222
interminable , eternal , 157 " infinite , 216
intermission , rest , 313
intermit , cease , 98
internal , inherent , 218
interpose , 222
interpretation , definition , 124
interrupt , hinder , 199 " interpose , 222 " obstruct , 257
in the midst of , amid , 42
intimacy , acquaintance , 15
intimate , allude , 36
intimation , suggestion , 347
intimidate , frighten , 180
intolerance , fanaticism , 166
intractable , obstinate , 256 " perverse , 272 " rebellious , 304 " restive , 314
intrepid , brave , 85
intrepidity , prowess , 294
intricate , complex , 112 " obscure , 255
intrinsic , inherent , 218
introduce , allege , 31
introduction , entrance , 154
introductory , previous , 285
intrusion , attack , n . , 64
intrusive , inquisitive , 221 " meddlesome , 238
intrusiveness , impudence , 213
intuition , knowledge , 227
intuitive , transcendental , 361
invade , attack , v . , 63
invariable , continual , 117 " permanent , 269
invasion , attack , n . , 64
inveigle , allure , 37
invent , discover , 133
invention , artifice , 58 " fiction , 170
inventory , record , 304
invoke , pray , 281
involuntary , spontaneous , 340
involve , 223
involved , complex , 112 " obscure , 255
inwrought , inherent , 218
iota , particle , 264
irate , bitter , 81
ire , anger , 44
irons , fetter , 169
irony , banter , 73
irrational , absurd , 11
irreconcilable , incongruous , 214
irresolute , faint , 164
irresolution , doubt , n . , 138
irresponsible , absolute , 8
irrelevant , alien , a . , 29
irritate , affront , 24
irritation , anger , 44 " pique , 272
issue , v . , rise , 318
issue , n . , consequence , 116 " end , n . , 148 " event , 158 " topic , 359
item , circumstance , 105
jabber , babble , 71
jade , tire , 357
jam , throng , 356
jar , shake , 330
jealous , envious , 155
jeer , sneer , 337
jeering , banter , 73
jeopardy , danger , 121 " hazard , 194
jest , wit , 373
job , business , 88
jocularity , wit , 373
jocund , happy , 190
joggle , shake , 330
join on , add , 18
joint , mutual , 246
joke , wit , 373
jolly , happy , 190
jolt , shake , 330
jot , particle , 264
jounce , shake , 330
journey , 223
joy , happiness , 189
joyful , happy , 190
joyous , airy , 27 " happy , 190
judge , 224
judgment , idea , 206 " prudence , 294 " wisdom , 372
judicious , sagacious , 322
judiciousness , prudence , 294 " wisdom , 372
jumble , displace , 135
junction , union , 362
juncture , union , 362
junto , cabal , 90
jurisprudence , law , 229
just , a . , honest , 202
just , adv . , but , 89
justice , 225 " judge , 224 " virtue , 370
justification , apology , 51 " defense , 123
justness , justice , 225
juvenile , new , 252 " youthful , 375
keen , astute , 62 " clever , 109 " eager , 142 " fine , 172 " sagacious , 322
keenness , acumen , 18
keen - sighted , sagacious , 322
keen - witted , sagacious , 322
keep , 226 " celebrate , 99 " restrain , 315 " support , 348
keep back , restrain , 315
keep down , restrain , 315
keep in , restrain , 315
keep under , restrain , 315
keep up , support , 348
kill , 226
kin , 227
kind , amiable , 42 " friendly , 178 " humane , 203 " kin , 227 " pleasant , 275 " propitious , 291
kind - hearted , humane , 203
kind - heartedness , benevolence , 80
kindle , burn , 87
kindliness , benevolence , 80
kindly , friendly , 178 " pleasant , 275 " propitious , 291
kindness , benevolence , 80 " mercy , 239
kindred , a . , alike , 30
kindred , n . , kin , 227
kinglike , royal , 320
kingly , royal , 320
kiss , caress , 95
kitchen - gardening , agriculture , 25
knack , ease , 143
knock , blow , 83
knowing , astute , 62 " clever , 109
knowledge , 227 " acquaintance , 15 " education , 143 " science , 325 " wisdom , 372
labor , industry , 216 " work , 374
laborious , difficult , 132
lacerate , rend , 309
laconic , terse , 354
lading , load , 233
lament , mourn , 246
lamentable , pitiful , 273
lance , send , 327
land , reach , 300
landmark , boundary , 84
lane , way , 372
language , 228 " diction , 130 " speech , 339
languid , faint , 164
large , 229 " plentiful , 276
largess , gift , 184
lascivious , brutish , 87
lash , blow , 83
lasting , permanent , 269
latch , lock , 234
late , new , 252
laudation , praise , 280
laughable , queer , 297
launch , send , 327
laurels , fame , 166
lave , cleanse , 107
lavish , plentiful , 276
lavishness , excess , 160
law , 229 " justice , 225
lawfulness , justice , 225
lawlessness , revolution , 317
lay , put , 296
lay hold of , catch , 97
lazy , idle , 208
lead , draw , 138 " influence , 217 " persuade , 271
league , alliance , 34
lean , tip , 357
learner , scholar , 324
learning , education , 143 " knowledge , 227 " wisdom , 372
leave , abandon , 1 " permission , 269
leave - off , cease , 98
leave - taking , farewell , 168
legality , justice , 225
legate , delegate , 125
legend , fiction , 170 " story , 343
legions , army , 56
legislation , law , 229
legitimate , authentic , 67
leisure , vacant , 363
lengthen , protract , 293
lenience , mercy , 239
leniency , mercy , 239 " patience , 265
lenity , mercy , 239
lessen , abate , 3 " alleviate , 33
let , allow , 35
let go , surrender , 349
lethargy , apathy , 50 " stupor , 344
level , horizontal , 202
liable , likely , 232
libel , slander , 336
liberal , generous , 182 " plentiful , 276
liberality , benevolence , 80
liberate , absolve , 9
liberty , 230 " permission , 269 " right , 319
license , liberty , 230 " permission , 269 " right , 319
lie , deception , 123
life , behavior , 79
life , public , career , 95
lift , carry , 96
light , a . , airy , 27
light , n . , 231 " knowledge , 227
lighten , alleviate , 33
like , alike , 30 " likely , 232 " synonymous , 349
likely , 232 " apparent , 52
likeness , analogy , 43 " approximation , 55 " duplicate , 141
likewise , also , 37
liking , appetite , 54 " fancy , 167 " love , 235
limit , boundary , 84 " end , n . , 148
limitless , infinite , 216
limpid , clear , 107
line , boundary , 84
line of achievement , career , 95
line of battle , array , 57
lingering , slow , 337
liquid , fluid , 174
list , listen , 232 " tip , 357
listen , 232
listless , abstracted , 11 " faint , 164
literal , verbal , 368
literary productions , literature , 233
literary works , literature , 233
literature , 233
litter , flock , 173
little , minute , 242
live , v . , abide , 5
live , a . , alive , 30
liveliness , pertness , 271
lively , active , 17 " airy , 27 " alert , 28 " alive , 30 " nimble , 253 " racy , 299
living , alive , 30
living creature , animal , 45
living organism , animal , 45
load , 233
loath , reluctant , 308
loathe , abhor , 5
lock , 234
lodge , abide , 5 " association , 60
lofty , high , 198
loneliness , retirement , 315
long , large , 229
longing , appetite , 54 " desire , 128 " eager , 142
long - suffering , patience , 265
look , v . , 234 " appear , 52
look , n . , air , 27
look forward to , anticipate , 47
loquacious , garrulous , 181
lordly , absolute , 8
lord's supper , sacrament , 331
lore , knowledge , 227
loss , injury , 219
lot , flock , 173 " portion , 279
lovable , amiable , 42
love , v . , 235 " admire , 23
love , n . , attachment , 63 " friendship , 179
lovely , amiable , 42 " beautiful , 76
loving , amiable , 42 " friendly , 178
lower , abase , 2 " abate , 3 " disparage , 134
lower classes , mob , 243
loyal , faithful , 165
loyalty , allegiance , 32
lucid , clear , 107
lucky , fortunate , 177 " happy , 190
ludicrous , absurd , 11 " queer , 297
lunacy , insanity , 221
lure , allure , 37 " draw , 138
luscious , delicious , 126
lust , appetite , 54
luster , light , 231
luxuriant , plentiful , 276
lying , deception , 123
machination , artifice , 58
machine , tool , 358
madness , insanity , 221
magisterial , dogmatic , 137
magnanimous , generous , 182
magnificent , royal , 320
mail , arms , 55
maintain , allege , 31 " keep , 226 " state , 341 " support , 348
majestic , awful , 70 " royal , 320
make , 236 " compel , 111
make better , amend , 41
make haste , quicken , 297
make known , announce , 46
make out , make , 236
make prisoner , arrest , 57
make up , add , 18 " make , 236
make use of , employ , 147
make void , cancel , 92
make white , bleach , 82
maladroit , awkward , 70
malady , disease , 134
male , masculine , 237
malediction , oath , 254
malevolence , enmity , 152 " hatred , 193
malice , enmity , 152 " hatred , 193
malign , abuse , 12 " slander , 336
malignity , acrimony , 15 " enmity , 152 " hatred , 193
maltreat , abuse , 12
manacles , fetter , 169
manage , govern , 185
manageable , docile , 136
management , care , 94 " oversight , 260
mandate , law , 229 " order , 258
maneuver , artifice , 58
manful , masculine , 237
mangle , rend , 309
mania , insanity , 221
manifest , clear , 107 " evident , 159
manifestation , revelation , 316 " sign , 332
manifold , complex , 112
manlike , masculine , 237
manly , masculine , 237
manner , air , 27 " behavior , 79 " system , 350
manners , address , n . , 20 " behavior , 79
mannish , masculine , 237
manufacture , make , 236
marauder , robber , 320
marches , boundary , 84
marge , bank , 72 " boundary , 84
margin , bank , 72 " boundary , 84
marine , nautical , 248
maritime , nautical , 248
mark , aim , 26 " characteristic , 103 " sign , 332 " trace , 359
market - gardening , agriculture , 25
marriage , 236
masculine , 237
mask , v . , hide , 197
mask , n . , pretense , 283
mass , throng , 356
massacre , 237 " kill , 226
masses , mob , 243
massive , large , 229
master , attain , 64 " conquer , 115
mastery , victory , 369
mate , associate , 60
material , physical , 272
matrimony , marriage , 236
matter , topic , 359
maxim , proverb , 293
means , agent , 24
measure , meter , 240
measureless , infinite , 216
mechanic , artist , 58
mechanism , tool , 358
meddle , interpose , 222
meddlesome , 238 " inquisitive , 221
meddling , inquisitive , 221 " meddlesome , 238
mediate , interpose , 222
meditate , deliberate , 135
meet , becoming , 77
meeting , collision , 109 " company , 110
melancholy , grief , 187
meliorate , amend , 41
melody , 238
member , part , 264 " term , 354
memoir , history , 200
memorandum , record , 304
memorial , record , 304 " trace , 359
memorials , history , 200
memory , 239
mend , amend , 41
mendicancy , poverty , 279
mention , allude , 36
mercenary , auxiliary , 67 " venal , 365
merciful , humane , 203 " propitious , 291
merciless , barbarous , 73
mercy , 239 " pardon , 262 " pity , 273
mere , pure , 296
merely , but , 89
merriment , entertainment , 153 " happiness , 189
merry , happy , 190
metamorphose , change , v . , 100
metaphor , allegory , 33
mete out , allot , 34
meter , 240 " poetry , 277
method , system , 350
metrical composition , poetry , 277
metropolis , capital , 94
middle , center , 99
midst , center , 99 " ( in the midst of ) , amid , 42
mien , air , 27
might , power , 279
migrate , emigrate , 147
mildness , mercy , 239
military , army , 56
mimicry , caricature , 95
mind , 241
mingled , heterogeneous , 196 " complex , 112
mingled with , amid , 42
minute , 242 " fine , 172
miraculous , supernatural , 347
mirth , happiness , 189
mirthful , happy , 190
misadventure , accident , 14 " misfortune , 242
miscellaneous , heterogeneous , 196
mischance , catastrophe , 97 " misfortune , 242
mischief , injury , 219
mischievous , pernicious , 270
misdeed , sin , 332
misemploy , abuse , 12
miserable , pitiful , 273
miserly , avaricious , 68
miserliness , frugality , 180
misery , misfortune , 242
misfortune , 242 " accident , 14 " blow , 83 " catastrophe , 97
misgiving , alarm , 28 " anxiety , 49 " doubt , n . , 138 " fear , 168
mishap , accident , 14 " catastrophe , 97 " misfortune , 242
mislay , displace , 135
mismatched , incongruous , 214
mismated , incongruous , 214
misplace , displace , 135
mistaken , absurd , 11
mistrust , doubt , v . , 137
misuse , abuse , 12
mite , particle , 264
mitigate , abate , 3 " alleviate , 33 " amend , 41 " palliate , 261
mixed , complex , 112 " heterogeneous , 196
mob , 243
mobile , active , 17
mock , sneer , 337
mockery , banter , 73
mode , system , 350
model , 243 " example , 160 " idea , 206 " ideal , 206
moderate , v . , abate , 3 " alleviate , 33
moderate , a . , slow , 337
moderation , abstinence , 10
modern , new , 252
modesty , 244
modify , change , v . , 100
mold , bend , 79 " govern , 185
mold , model , 243
molder , decay , 122
molecule , particle , 264
molest , abuse , 12
mollify , allay , 31
momentary , transient , 361
monetary , financial , 172
money , 244
monomania , insanity , 221
monstrous , absurd , 11
mood , fancy , 167
mop , cleanse , 107
morality , religion , 307 " virtue , 370
moreover , but , 89
morose , 245 " severe , 329
moroseness , acrimony , 15
mortification , chagrin , 100
mortify , abash , 3
mother tongue , language , 228
motion , 245 " act , 16 " topic , 359
motive , cause , 98 " reason , n . , 302
motto , proverb , 293
mourn , 246
mournful , pitiful , 273
mourning , grief , 187
move , v . , carry , 96 " convey , 119 " influence , 217 " persuade , 271
move , n . , motion , 245
movement , act , 16 " motion , 245
mover , agent , 24
moving , pitiful , 273
muddy , obscure , 255
mulish , restive , 314 " obstinate , 256
multiform , complex , 112
multitude , army , 56 " company , 110 " throng , 356
munificence , benevolence , 80
munificent , generous , 182 " royal , 320
muniment , record , 304
muniments , history , 200
murder , kill , 226
murky , dark , 122
murmur , babble , 71 " complain , 112
music , melody , 238
muster , convoke , 120
mutation , change , n . , 101
mute , taciturn , 351
mutinous , rebellious , 304 " restive , 314
mutiny , revolution , 317
mutual , 246
mysterious , 247 " dark , 122 " obscure , 255
mystic , mysterious , 247
mystical , mysterious , 247
myth , fiction , 170 " story , 343
naive , candid , 93
name , 247 " term , 354
narration , history , 200 " report , 311 " story , 343
narrative , history , 200 " report , 311 " story , 343
natal , native , 248
nation , people , 266
native , 248 " inherent , 218 " radical , 299
natty , neat , 249
natural , inherent , 218 " native , 248 " normal , 253 " physical , 272 " radical , 299
nature , character , 102
nauseate , abhor , 5
nautical , 248
naval , nautical , 248
near , adjacent , 22
nearness , approximation , 55
neat , 249 " becoming , 77 " terse , 354
necessary , 150
necessitate , compel , 111
necessity , 250 " predestination , 282
need , necessity , 250 " poverty , 279
needed , necessary , 250
needful , necessary , 250
nefarious , criminal , 120
neglect , 251
neglectfulness , neglect , 251
negligence , neglect , 251
negligent , abstracted , 11
negotiate , transact , 360
neighborhood , approximation , 55
neighboring , adjacent , 22
neighborly , friendly , 178
neophyte , convert , 119
never - ending , eternal , 157
never - failing , eternal , 157
nevertheless , but , 89 " notwithstanding , conj . , 254
new , 252
new - fangled , new , 252
new - fashioned , new , 252
new - made , new , 252
next , adjacent , 22
nice , fine , 172 " neat , 249 " tasteful , 352
niggardly , avaricious , 68
nigh , adjacent , 22
nimble , 253 " active , 17 " alert , 28
noble , awful , 70 " generous , 182 " high , 198
noise , sound , 338
noisome , pernicious , 279
non - conformist , heretic , 196
non - homogeneous , heterogeneous , 196
nonsensical , absurd , 11
normal , 253 " general , 181 " usual , 368
note , remark , 308 " sign , 332 " sound , 338
notes , money , 244
notify , announce , 46
notion , idea , 206
notoriety , fame , 166
notwithstanding , prep . , 254
notwithstanding , conj . , 254 " but , 89
nourish , cherish , 104
nourishment , food , 175
novel , a . , new , 252
novel , n . , fiction , 170 " story , 343
novelty , change , n . , 101
novice , amateur , 39
now , immediately , 211 " yet , 374
noxious , pernicious , 270
nugatory , vain , 364
nuisance , abomination , 7
null , vain , 364
nullify , abolish , 6 " cancel , 92
number , calculate , 90
numberless , infinite , 216
numbers , poetry , 277
nuptials , marriage , 236
nurse , cherish , 104
nurture , cherish , 104 " education , 143 " teach , 353
nutriment , food , 175
nutrition , food , 175
oath , 254
obdurate , obstinate , 256
obedience , allegiance , 32
obedient , docile , 136
obey , follow , 174 " keep , 226
obiter dictum , precedent , 282
object , aim , 26 " design , 128 " reason , n . , 302
objective , subjective , 345
objurgation , reproof , 311
obligation , contract , 118 " duty , 142
oblige , bind , 81 " compel , 111
obliging , pleasant , 275 " polite , 277
obliterate , abolish , 6 " cancel , 92
oblivion , pardon , n . , 262
oblivious , abstracted , 11
obscure , 255 " complex , 112 " dark , 122 " equivocal , 155 " mysterious , 247
observance , sacrament , 321
observation , remark , 308
observe , celebrate , 99 " discern , 133 " follow , 174 " keep , 226
obsolescent , obsolete , 256
obsolete , 256
obstacle , barrier , 74 " impediment , 213
obstinate , 256 " restive , 314 " perverse , 272
obstruct , 257 " hinder , 199
obstruction , barrier , 74 " impediment , 313
obtain , attain , 64 " get , 183 " purchase , 295
obtrusive , meddlesome , 238
obtuseness , stupidity , 344
obviate , prevent , 284
obvious , clear , 107 " evident , 159
occasion , cause , 98 " make , 236
occult , mysterious , 247
occupation , business , 88 " exercise , 162 " work , 374
occupied , industrious , 215
occupy , entertain , 152 " have , 194
occur , happen , 188
occurrence , circumstance , 105 " event , 158
ocean , a . , nautical , 248
oceanic , nautical , 248
odd , queer , 297 " rare , 300
offend , affront , 24
offense , abomination , 7 " anger , 44 " pique , 272 " sin , 332
offer , v . , allege , 31
offer , n . , proposal , 292
offhand , extemporaneous , 163
office , duty , 142
officious , active , 17 " meddlesome , 238
officiousness , impudence , 213
old , 257 " obsolete , 256 " primeval , 287
olden , old , 257
old - fashioned , antique , 48
omen , sign , 332
omission , neglect , 251
oneness , union , 362
onerous , difficult , 132
only , but , 89
onset , attack , n . , 64
onslaught , attack , n . , 64
on the alert , vigilant , 369
on the lookout , vigilant , 369
on the watch , alert , 28
opaque , dark , 122
open , bluff , 83 " candid , 93 " evident , 159
open - handed , generous , 182
open - hearted , generous , 182
opening , beginning , 78 " entrance , 154
operation , 258 " act , 16 " exercise , 162
operative , artist , 58
operator , agent , 24
opinion , faith , 164 " idea , 206
opinionated , dogmatic , 137 " obstinate , 256
opponent , enemy , 151
oppose , contrast , 118 " hinder , 199 " obstruct , 257
opposed , alien , a . , 29 " reluctant , 308
opposition , ambition , 40 " antipathy , 48 " collision , 109
oppress , abuse , 12
option , alternative , 38
oral , verbal , 368
oration , speech , 339
oratory , speech , 339
order , 258 " array , 57 " class , 106 " law , 229 " system , 350
orderly , neat , 249
order of battle , array , 57
ordinance , law , 229 " sacrament , 321
ordinary , general , 181 " normal , 253 " usual , 362
organic , radical , 299
origin , beginning , 78 " cause , 98
original , a . , authentic , 67 " native , 248
original , n . , ideal , 206 " model , 243 " primeval , 287 " radical , 299 " transcendental , 361
originator , cause , 98
ornament , adorn , 23
oscillate , fluctuate , 173 " shake , 330
ostentation , 259 " pride , 286
ostracize , banish , 72
ought , 260
oust , banish , 72
outcome , consequence , 116 " end , n . , 148 " event , 158
outgo , expense , 162
outgrowth , consequence , 116
outlandish , rustic , 321
outlay , expense , 162 " price , 285
outline , abridgment , 7 " sketch , 334
out of date , obsolete , 256
outrage , injury , 219
outset , beginning , 78
overawe , abash , 3
overbearing , absolute , 8 " dogmatic , 137
overcome , beat , 75 " conquer , 115
over - confidence , temerity , 353
overflowing , plentiful , 276
overlook , pardon , v . , 262
overmaster , conquer , 115
overmatch , conquer , 115
overplus , excess , 160
overpower , conquer , 115
oversight , 260 " care , 94 " neglect , 251
overt , evident , 159
overtake , catch , 97
overthrow , abolish , 6 " conquer , 115 " demolish , 127 " exterminate , 163 " refute , 306 " subvert , 346
overture , proposal , 292
overturn , demolish , 127 " subvert , 346
overwhelm , hide , 197 " involve , 223
own , avow , 69 " confess , 114 " have , 194
pabulum , food , 175
pacify , allay , 31
pack , load , 233 " flock , 173
pact , contract , 118
pageant , ostentation , 259
pageantry , ostentation , 259
pain , 261
pains , industry , 216
palaver , babble , 71
palliate , 261 " alleviate , 33
palpable , evident , 159
paltry , pitiful , 273
pamper , caress , 95
panegyric , praise , 280
pang , pain , 261
panic , alarm , 28 " fear , 168
parable , allegory , 33
parade , array , 57 " ostentation , 259
paradox , riddle , 318
paradoxical , absurd , 11
parapet , barrier , 74
paraphrase , quote , 298
parcel , portion , 279
pardon , v . , 262 " absolve , 9
pardon , n . , 262 " mercy , 239
pardonable , venial , 367
parity , analogy , 43
parley , conversation , 118
parody , caricature , 95
paroxysm , pain , 261
parsimonious , avaricious , 68
parsimoniousness , frugality , 180
parsimony , frugality , 180
part , n . , 264 " particle , 264 " portion , 279
partiality , prejudice , 264
particle , 264
particular , circumstance , 105 " minute , 242
participation , association , 60
participator , accessory , 13
parting salutation , farewell , 168
partisan , adherent , 21
partner , accessory , 13 " associate , 60
partnership , alliance , 34 " association , 60
pass , way , 372
passage , career , 95 " motion , 245 " way , 372
passage of arms , battle , 74
passageway , way , 372
pass by , pardon , 262
passing , transient , 361
passion , anger , 44 " appetite , 54 " enthusiasm , 153
pass over , pardon , 262
pastime , entertainment , 153
pastoral , rustic , 321
patent , evident , 159
path , way , 372
pathetic , pitiful , 273
pathway , way , 372
patience , 265 " industry , 216
patois , language , 228
patriarchal , old , 257 " primeval , 287
pattern , example , 160 " idea , 206 " ideal , 206 " model , 243 " precedent , 282
pauperism , poverty , 279
pause , cease , 98 " rest , 313
pay , 266 " requite , 313
payment , pay , 266
pay off , requite , 313
peace , rest , 313
peaceful , calm , 91
peacefulness , rest , 313
peculiar , queer , 297 " rare , 300
peculiarity , characteristic , 103
pecuniary , financial , 172
peeping , inquisitive , 221
peer , associate , 60
peevishness , anger , 44
pellucid , clear , 107
penetrating , astute , 62
penetration , acumen , 18 " entrance , 154
penetrative , astute , 62
penitence , repentance , 310
pension , subsidy , 345
penurious , avaricious , 68
penury , poverty , 279
people , 266
people , dregs of the , mob , 243
perceive , 267 " discern , 133
perceptible , evident , 159
perception , knowledge , 227 " sensation , 328
peremptory , absolute , 8
perennial , eternal , 157
perfect , 268 " pure , 296 " radical , 299
perform , do , 135 " execute , 161 " make , 236 " transact , 360
performance , act , 16 " exercise , 162 " operation , 258 " work , 374
performer , agent , 24
peril , danger , 121 " hazard , 194
perilous , precarious , 282
period , end , n . , 148 " time , 356
periphrasis , circumlocution , 105
perish , die , 130
permanent , 269
permission , 269
permit , a . , allow , 35 " endure , 150
permit , n . , permission , 269
pernicious , 270
perpetrate , do , 135
perpetual , continual , 117 " eternal , 157 " permanent , 269
perplexing , equivocal , 155
perplexity , 270 " amazement , 39 " anxiety , 49 " care , 94 " doubt , n . , 138
persecute , abuse , 12
perseverance , industry , 216
persistence , industry , 216
persistent , permanent , 269 " obstinate , 256
personality , character , 102
perspicacious , astute , 62 " sagacious , 322
perspicacity , acumen , 18
perspicuous , clear , 107
persuade , 271 " bend , 79 " influence , 217
pertinacious , obstinate , 256
pertness , 271 " impudence , 213
perverse , 272
pervert , abuse , 12
perverting , pernicious , 270
pestiferous , pernicious , 270
pestilential , pernicious , 270
pet , caress , 95
petition , ask , 59 " pray , 281
pettishness , anger , 44
petulance , anger , 44
petulant , perverse , 272
phalanx , army , 56
phantasm , delusion , 127
phantasy , imagination , 209
pharisaism , hypocrisy , 204
philanthropy , benevolence , 80
phlegm , apathy , 50
phrase , diction , 130 " term , 354
phraseology , diction , 130
physical , 272
pick , alternative , 38 " choose , 104
pick out , choose , 104
picture , sketch , 334
picturesque , beautiful , 76
piece , part , 264
pietism , hypocrisy , 204 " religion , 307
piety , religion , 307
pile up , amass , 38
pilgrimage , journey , 223
pillager , robber , 320
piquant , racy , 299
pique , 272
pirate , robber , 320
piteous , pitiful , 273
pithy , terse , 354
pitiable , pitiful , 273
pitiful , 273
pity , 273 " mercy , 239
pitying , humane , 203
place , put , 296
placid , calm , 91
plagiarize , quote , 298
plague , abomination , 7
plain , clear , 107 " evident , 159 " rustic , 321
plain - spoken , bluff , 83
plan , design , 128 " idea , 206 " sketch , 334
plane , horizontal , 202
plant , 274
plaudit , praise , 280
playfulness , wit , 373
plea , apology , 51
plead , 274 " allege , 31 " pray , 281
pleasant , 275 " amiable , 42 " comfortable , 110 " delightful , 126
pleasantry , wit , 373
please , entertain , 152
pleased , happy , 190
pleasing , amiable , 42 " delightful , 126 " pleasant , 275
pleasurable , delightful , 126 " pleasant , 275
pleasure , entertainment , 153 " happiness , 189
pledge , contract , 118 " security , 326
plenteous , plentiful , 276
plentiful , 276
pleonasm , circumlocution , 105
pliable , docile , 136
pliant , docile , 136
plunderer , robber , 320
plunge , immerse , 212
poem , poetry , 277
poesy , poetry , 277
poetry , 277
point , v . , allude , 36
point , n . , circumstance , 105 " end , n . , 148 " topic , 359
poisonous , pernicious , 270
policy , polity , 278
polished , fine , 172 " polite , 277
polite , 277
politeness , address , n . , 20 " refinement , 305
polity , 278 " law , 229
pollute , defile , 124
pommel , beat , 75
pomp , ostentation , 259
pomposity , ostentation , 259
pompousness , ostentation , 259
ponder , deliberate , 125
populace , mob , 243
popular , general , 181
population , people , 266
port , air , 27
portal , entrance , 154
portend , augur , 66
portentous , awful , 70
portion , 279 " part , 264
portion out , allot , 34
pose , attitude , 65
position , attitude , 65 " circumstance , 105
positive , absolute , 8 " dogmatic , 137 " radical , 299 " real , 301
possess , have , 194
possession , be in , have , 194
possibility , accident , 14 " event , 158
postulate , assume , 61
posture , attitude , 65
pound , beat , 75
poverty , 279
power , 279 " cause , 98
practise , v . , follow , 174
practise , n . , exercise , 162 " habit , 187
practised , skilful , 335
praise , 280
prate , babble , 71
prattle , babble , 71
pray , 281 " ask , 59
precarious , 282
precaution , care , 94
precedent , a . , previous , 285
precedent , n . , 282 " cause , 98 " example , 160
preceding , previous , 285
precept , doctrine , 136 " proverb , 293
precious , rare , 300
precipitancy , temerity , 353
precipitation , temerity , 353
precipitous , steep , 342
precise , minute , 242
preclude , prevent , 284 " prohibit , 290
preconception , prejudice , 283
predestination , 282
predicate , state , 341
predict , augur , 66
predilection , fancy , 167
prefer , choose , 104 " promote , 291
preference , alternative , 38
prejudice , 283 " injury , 219
preliminary , previous , 285
premium , subsidy , 345
prenomen , name , 247
preoccupied , abstracted , 11
prepared , alert , 28
prepossession , prejudice , 283
preposterous , absurd , 11 " queer , 297
prerogative , right , 319
presage , augur , 66 " sign , 332
prescience , wisdom , 372
present , gift , 184
presentiment , anticipation , 48
presently , immediately , 211
preserve , keep , 226
press , v . , plead , 274
press , n . , throng , 356
press forward , quicken , 297
prestige , sign , 332
presumable , apparent , 52 " likely , 232
presume , assume , 61
presumption , assurance , 61 " impudence , 213 " prejudice , 283 " pride , 286 " temerity , 353
pretend , assume , 61
pretender , hypocrite , 204
pretense , 283 " hypocrisy , 204
pretension , pretense , 283
preternatural , supernatural , 347
pretext , pretense , 283
pretty , beautiful , 76
prevail , succeed , 346
prevailing , usual , 362
prevail over , conquer , 115
prevail upon , persuade , 271
prevalent , general , 181 " usual , 362
prevarication , deception , 123
prevent , 284 " hinder , 199 " prohibit , 290
previous , 285
prevision , anticipation , 48
price , 285
pride , 286
prim , neat , 249
primal , primeval , 287
primary , primeval , 287
prime , primeval , 287
primeval , 287
primitive , primeval , 287 " radical , 299
primordial , primeval , 287 " transcendental , 361
princely , royal , 320
principle , doctrine , 136 " law , 229 " reason , n . , 302
prior , previous , 285
pristine , primeval , 287
privacy , retirement , 315
privation , poverty , 279
privilege , right , 319
prize , esteem , v . , 156
probable , apparent , 52 " likely , 232
probity , virtue , 370
problem , riddle , 318
procedure , operation , 258
proceed , rise , 319
proceeding , act , 16 " transaction , 360
proceeds , harvest , 192 " profit , 288
process , motion , 245
proclaim , announce , 46 " avow , 69
proclivity , appetite , 54 " desire , 128
procrastinate , protract , 293
procrastinating , slow , 337
procure , attain , 64 " get , 183 " purchase , 295
prodigality , excess , 160
produce , v . , allege , 31
produce , n . , harvest , 192
product , harvest , 192 " work , 374
production , work , 374
profane swearing , oath , 254
profanity , oath , 254
profess , avow , 69
profession , business , 88
proficiency , progress , 289
proficient , skilful , 335
profit , 288 " utility , 363
profitless , vain , 364
profound , obscure , 255
profundity , wisdom , 372
profuse , plentiful , 276
profusion , excess , 160
prognostic , sign , 332
prognosticate , augur , 66
progress , 289
progression , progress , 289
prohibit , 290 " abolish , 6
prohibition , barrier , 74 " order , 258
project , v . , send , 327
project , n . , design , 128
prolixity , circumlocution , 105
prolong , protract , 293
promise , contract , 118
promote , 291 " abet , 4 " quicken , 297
promoter , agent , 24 " auxiliary , 67
prompt , v . , influence , 217
prompt , a . , active , 17 " alert , 28 " nimble , 253
promulgate , announce , 46
prone , addicted , 19
proneness , appetite , 54
pronounce , speak , 339 " state , 341
proof , demonstration , 127 " testimony , 355
prop , support , 348
propel , drive , 140 " send , 327
propensity , appetite , 54 " desire , 128
proper , becoming , 77
property , attribute , n . , 66 " characteristic , 103 " money , 244
prophesy , augur , 66
propinquity , approximation , 55
propitiation , 291
propitious , 291
proportion , analogy , 43 " portion , 279
proposal , 292 " design , 128
propose , 292
proposition , proposal , 292 " topic , 359
propound , announce , 46 " state , 341
prosecute , arraign , 56
proselyte , convert , 119
prosper , succeed , 346
prospered , fortunate , 177
prosperous , fortunate , 177 " happy , 190
prostitute , abuse , 12
protect , cherish , 104 " keep , 226 " shelter , 331
protection , defense , 123
protest , avow , 69 " state , 341
prototype , example , 160 " ideal , 206 " model , 243
protract , 293
proud , high , 198
prove , confirm , 114 " reason , v . , 302
provender , food , 175
proverb , 293
provided , but , 89
providence , frugality , 180 " prudence , 294
provoke , affront , 24
prowess , 294
proxy , delegate , 125
prudence , 294 " care , 94 " frugality , 180 " wisdom , 372
prying , inquisitive , 221
public , general , 181 " usual , 362
publications , literature , 233
public life , career , 95
publish , announce , 46
puerile , youthful , 375
pull , draw , 138
pungent , bitter , 81 " racy , 299
punish , avenge , 69 " chasten , 103 " requite , 313
pupil , scholar , 324
purchasable , venal , 365
purchase , 295
pure , 296 " fine , 172 " innocent , 220
purify , amend , 41 " chasten , 103 " cleanse , 107
purity , virtue , 370
purloin , abstract , 10
purpose , v . , propose , 292
purpose , n . , aim , 26 " design , 128 " end , n . , 148 " idea , 206 " reason , n . , 302
purposeless , faint , 164
pursue , follow , 174
pursuit , hunt , 203
push , drive , 140 " promote , 291
put , 296
put down , conquer , 115
put on , assume , 61
putrefy , decay , 122
put to death , kill , 226
put up with , endure , 150
puzzle , riddle , 318
quaint , antique , 48 " queer , 297
quake , shake , 330
qualification , power , 279
qualified , adequate , 21
qualify , change , n . , 100
quality , attribute , n . , 66 " characteristic , 103
quarrel , feud , 170
quash , cancel , 92
quaver , shake , 330
queer , 297
question , v . , reason , v . , 302
question , n . , doubt , n . , 138 " topic , 359
questionable , equivocal , 155
quick , active , 17 " alive , 30 " clever , 109 " nimble , 253
quicken , 297
quick of scent , sagacious , 322
quick - scented , sagacious , 322
quick - witted , clever , 109
quiescence , rest , 313
quiet , allay , 31 " calm , 91 " rest , 313
quietness , apathy , 50 " rest , 313
quietude , rest , 313
quit , abandon , 1 " cease , 98 " end , v . , 148 " requite , 313
quiver , shake , 330
quote , 298
rabble , mob , 243
race , career , 95 " kin , 227 " people , 266
racy , 299
radical , 299
rage , anger , 44
raging , fierce , 171
raider , robber , 320
rail at , abuse , 12
raillery , banter , 73 " wit , 373
raiment , dress , 140
raise , promote , 291
ramble , wander , 371
rampart , barrier , 74 " defense , 123
rancor , enmity , 152 " hatred , 193
range , wander , 371
rank , class , 106
rap , blow , 83
rapacious , avaricious , 68
rapture , enthusiasm , 153 " happiness , 189
rapturous , happy , 190
rare , 300 " obsolete , 256
rashness , temerity , 353
rate , calculate , 90
ratify , confirm , 114
ratiocination , reasoning , 303
rational , sagacious , 322
ravish , abuse , 12
raze , demolish , 127
reach , 300 " attain , 64 " make , 236
readiness , address , n . , 20 " dexterity , 129 " ease , 143 " power , 279
reading , education , 143
ready , active , 17 " alert , 28
real , 301 " authentic , 67 " pure , 296
reality , veracity , 367
realize , do , 135
reanimate , recover , 305
reaping , harvest , 192
reason , v . , 302
reason , n . , 302 " cause , 98 " mind , 241 " wisdom , 372
reasonableness , wisdom , 372
reasoning , 303
rebellion , revolution , 317
rebellious , 304 " restive , 314
rebuke , v . , reprove , 312
rebuke , n . , reproof , 311
recalcitrant , restive , 314
recall , renounce , 309
recant , abandon , 1 " renounce , 309
receipts , profit , 288
receive , get , 183
received , authentic , 67
recent , new , 252
reciprocal , mutual , 246
reciprocate , requite , 313
recital , history , 200 " report , 311 " story , 343
recite , quote , 298
recklessness , temerity , 353
reckon , calculate , 90
recognition , knowledge , 227
recognize , confess , 114 " discern , 133
recollection , memory , 239
recompense , pay , 266 " requite , 313
reconciliation , propitiation , 291
recondite , mysterious , 247
record , 304 " character , 102 " history , 200 " report , 311 " story , 343
recover , 305
recreate , entertain , 152
recreation , entertainment , 153 " rest , 313
recruit , recover , 305
rectify , amend , 41
rectitude , justice , 225 " virtue , 370
recuperate , recover , 305
redoubted , formidable , 176
reduce , abase , 2 " abate , 3 " alleviate , 33 " conquer , 115
redundance , circumlocution , 105 " excess , 160
redundancy , circumlocution , 105 " excess , 160
reel , shake , 330
refer , allude , 36 " attribute , v . , 65
referee , judge , 224
refine , chasten , 103
refined , fine , 172
refinement , 305
reflect , deliberate , 125
reflection , reproof , 311
reform , amend , 41
refractory , obstinate , 256 " rebellious , 304 " restive , 314
refrain , cease , 98 " keep , 226
refreshing , delightful , 126
refuse , renounce , 309
refute , 306
regain , recover , 305
regal , royal , 320
regard , v . , esteem , v . , 156 " look , 234 " love , 235
regard , n . , attachment , 63 " esteem , n . , 157 " friendship , 179
regeneration , change , n . , 101
regimen , food , 175
register , history , 200 " record , 304
regret , v . , mourn , 246
regret , n . , grief , 187 " repentance , 310
regular , continual , 117 " normal , 253 " usual , 362
regularity , system , 350
regulation , law , 229
rehearsal , report , 311
reign over , govern , 185
reject , renounce , 309
rejoiced , happy , 190
rejoicing , a . , happy , 190
rejoicing , n . , happiness , 189
rejoinder , answer , 46
relation , analogy , 43 " report , 311 " story , 343
relationship , kin , 227
release , absolve , 9
relegate , commit , 110
relentless , severe , 329
reliable , 306 " authentic , 67
reliance , faith , 164
relieve , alleviate , 33
religion , 307
relinquish , abandon , 1 " surrender , 349
relish , appetite , 54
reluctant , 308
remain , abide , 5
remains , body , 84 " trace , 359
remark , 308
remarkable , rare , 300
remembrance , memory , 239
reminiscence , memory , 239
remission , pardon , 262
remissness , neglect , 251
remit , pardon , 262
remnant , trace , 359
remonstrate , complain , 112 " reprove , 312
remorse , repentance , 310
remote , alien , a . , 29 " old , 257
remove , abolish , 6 " abstract , 10 " alleviate , 33 " cancel , 92 " carry , 96 " convey , 119 " displace , 135 " exterminate , 163
remunerate , requite , 313
remuneration , pay , 266
rend , 309 " break , 86
render , make , 236
rendering , definition , 124
renewal , change , n . , 101
renewing , change , n . , 101
renounce , 309 " abandon , 1
renown , fame , 166
repair , amend , 41
repartee , answer , 46
repay , requite , 313
repeal , abolish , 6 " cancel , 92
repeat , quote , 298
repel , drive , 140 " refute , 306
repentance , 310
repine , complain , 112
replete , plentiful , 276
replica , duplicate , 141
reply , answer , 46
report , v . , announce , 46
report , n . , 311
repose , rest , 313
repossess , recover , 305
reprehend , reprove , 312
reprehension , reproof , 311
representation , model , 243
representative , delegate , 125
repress , restrain , 315
reprimand , v . , reprove , 312
reprimand , n . , reproof , 311
reproach , v . , abuse , 12 " reprove , 312
reproach , n . , blemish , 82 " reproof , 311
reprobate , v . , condemn , 113
reprobation , oath , 254
reproduction , duplicate , 141
reproof , 311
reproval , reproof , 311
reprove , 312 " condemn , 113
repudiate , abandon , 1 " renounce , 309
repugnance , antipathy , 48 " hatred , 193
repugnant , incongruous , 214
repulse , drive , 140
repulsion , antipathy , 48
reputation , character , 102 " fame , 166
repute , fame , 166
request , v . , ask , 59 " pray , 281
require , ask , 59 " make , 236
required , necessary , 250
requirement , necessity , 250
requisite , a . , necessary , 250 " order , 258
requisite , n . , necessity , 250
requital , pay , 266 " revenge , 316
requite , 313
rescind , cancel , 92
resemblance , analogy , 43 " approximation , 55
resembling , alike , 30
resentful , restive , 314
resentment , anger , 44 " hatred , 193 " pique , 272
reserve , modesty , 244 " pride , 286
reserved , taciturn , 351
reside , abide , 5
residence , home , 201
resign , abandon , 1
resignation , patience , 265
resist , drive , 140 " hinder , 199
resistance , defense , 123
resolute , obstinate , 256
resolution , fortitude , 176
resolved , obstinate , 256
resource , alternative , 38
respect , v . , admire , 23 " venerate , 366
respect , n . , esteem , n . , 157
response , answer , 46
responsibility , duty , 142
rest , v . , abide , 5
rest , n . , 313
restiff , restive , 314
restive , 314
restless , active , 17 " restive , 314
restore , recover , 305
restrain , 315 " arrest , 57 " bind , 81 " govern , 185 " keep , 226
restraint , barrier , 74
restrict , bind , 81 " restrain , 315
restriction , barrier , 74
result , v . , follow , 174
result , n . , consequence , 116 " end , n . , 148 " event , 158 " harvest , 192 " operation , 258
resume , recover , 305
retain , keep , 226
retainer , accessory , 13
retaliate , avenge , 69 " requite , 313
retaliation , revenge , 316
retard , hinder , 199 " obstruct , 257
reticent , taciturn , 351
retire , abandon , 1
retirement , 315
retort , answer , 46
retract , abandon , 1
retribution , revenge , 316
retrieve , recover , 305
retrospect , memory , 239
retrospection , memory , 239
return , v . , requite , 313
return , n . , harvest , 192 " profit , 288
returns , profit , 288
reveal , announce , 46
revelation , 316
revenge , v . , avenge , 69 " requite , 313
revenge , n . , 316 " hatred , 193
revere , admire , 23 " venerate , 366
reverence , v . , venerate , 366
reverence , n . , veneration , 366
reverie , dream , 139
reverse , v . , abolish , 6
reverse , n . , misfortune , 242
revile , abuse , 12 " slander , 336
revoke , abolish , 6 " cancel , 92 " renounce , 309
revolt , n . , revolution , 317
revolution , 317 " change , 101
revolve , 318
reward , v . , requite , 313
reward , n . , subsidy , 345
rhythm , meter , 240
rich , plentiful , 276 " racy , 299
ride , drive , 140
riddle , 318
ridicule , banter , 73
ridiculous , absurd , 11 " queer , 297
right , a . , innocent , 220
right , n . , 319 " duty , 142 " justice , 225
right away , right off , immediately , 211
righteous , innocent , 220
righteousness , duty , 142 " justice , 225 " religion , 307 " virtue , 370
rightfulness , justice , 225
rightness , virtue , 370
rigid , severe , 329
rigorous , severe , 329
rim , bank , 72
rime ( rhyme ) , poetry , 277
rinse , cleanse , 107
riot , revolution , 317
rip , rend , 309
rise , v . , 319
rise , n . , beginning , 78
risk , n . , danger , 121 " hazard , 194
risky , precarious , 282
rite , sacrament , 321
rival , n . , enemy , 151
rivalry , ambition , 40
rive , break , 86 " rend , 309
road , way , 372
roadway , way , 372
roam , wander , 371
roar , call , 91
robber , 320
robes , dress , 140
rock , shake , 330
roll , v . , revolve , 318
roll , n . , record , n . , 304
romance , dream , 139 " fiction , 170
root out , exterminate , 163
rot , decay , 122
rotate , revolve , 318
rough , awkward , 70 " bluff , 83
rout , conquer , 115
route , way , 372
routine , habit , 187
rove , wander , 371
royal , 320
rub off or out , cancel , 92
rude , barbarous , 73 " bluff , 83 " rustic , 321
rudeness , impudence , 213
rue , mourn , 246
ruin , v . , abuse , 12 " demolish , 127 " subvert , 346
ruin , n . , misfortune , 242
ruinous , pernicious , 270
rule , v . , govern , 185
rule , n . , habit , 187 " law , 229 " system , 350
rumor , report , 311
rupture , break , 86 " rend , 309
rural , rustic , 321
ruse , artifice , 58 " pretense , 283
rush , career , 95
rustic , 321
sable , dark , 122
sacrament , 321
sacred , holy , 200
sacrifice , surrender , 349
sadness , grief , 187
safeguard , defense , 123
sagacious , 322 " astute , 62
sagacity , acumen , 18 " wisdom , 372
sage , sagacious , 322
saintly , holy , 200
salable , venal , 365
salary , pay , 266
sale , 323
salubrious , healthy , 195
salutary , healthy , 195
salutation , parting , farewell , 168
salute , address , v . , 19
same , alike , 30 " synonymous , 349
sample , 323 " example , 160
sanctimoniousness , hypocrisy , 204
sanctimony , hypocrisy , 204
sanction , v . , abet , 4 " allow , 35 " confirm , 114
sanitary , healthy , 195
sarcasm , banter , 73
sate , satisfy , 324
satiate , satisfy , 324
satire , banter , 73
satisfaction , happiness , 189 " propitiation , 291
satisfactory , adequate , 21 " comfortable , 110
satisfied , comfortable , 110
satisfy , 324 " requite , 313
satisfying , delightful , 126
sauciness , impudence , 213 " pertness , 271
savage , barbarous , 73 " bitter , 81 " fierce , 171
savant , scholar , 324
save , but , 89
saving , frugality , 180
savory , delicious , 126
saw , n . , proverb , 293
say , allege , 31 " announce , 46 " speak , 339 " state , 341
saying , proverb , 293
scan , look , 234
scarce , rare , 300
scare , frighten , 180
schedule , record , 304
scheme , design , 128 " hypothesis , 205
schismatic , heretic , 196
scholar , 324
scholarship , knowledge , 227
school , v . , teach , 353
schooling , education , 143
science , 325 " knowledge , 227
scintilla , particle , 264
scintillation , light , 231
scoff , sneer , 337
scorch , burn , 87
scorn , v . , abhor , 5
scorn , n . , neglect , 251
scour , cleanse , 107
scourge , beat , 75
scout , spy , 340
scrap , particle , 264
scratch out , cancel , 92
scream , call , 91
screen , hide , 197 " palliate , 261 " shelter , 331
scrimping , frugality , 180
scroll , record , 304
scrub , cleanse , 107
scruple , doubt , n . , 138
scrutinizing , inquisitive , 221
search , hunt , 203
searching , inquisitive , 221
season , time , 356
seat of government , capital , 94
seclusion , retirement , 315
second , help , 195
secret , mysterious , 247
secrete , hide , 197
section , part , 264
secure , arrest , 57 " attain , 64 " bind , 81 " catch , 97 " get , 183 " purchase , 295
security , 326
sedate , calm , 91
sedition , revolution , 317
seditious , rebellious , 304
seduce , allure , 37
sedulous , industrious , 215
sedulousness , industry , 216
see , discern , 133 " look , 234
seed , plant , 274
seed down , plant , 274
seem , appear , 52
seeming , a . , apparent , 52
seeming , n . , pretense , 283
seemly , becoming , 77
segment , part , 264
seize , arrest , 57 " catch , 97
select , allot , 34 " choose , 104
self - abnegation , 329
self - assertion , assurance , 61 " egotism , 145
self - complacency , pride , 286
self - conceit , egotism , 145 " pride , 286
self - condemnation , repentance , 310
self - confidence , assurance , 61 " egotism , 145
self - consciousness , egotism , 145
self - control , abstinence , 10 " self - abnegation , 326
self - denial , abstinence , 10 " self - abnegation , 326
self - devotion , self - abnegation , 326
self - esteem , egotism , 145 " pride , 286
self - exaltation , pride , 286
self - immolation , self - abnegation , 326
self - opinionated , dogmatic , 137
self - possessed , calm , 91
self - reliance , assurance , 61
self - renunciation , self - abnegation , 326
self - respect , pride , 286
self - restraint , abstinence , 10
self - sacrifice , self - abnegation , 326
sell , convey , 119
semblance , analogy , 43 " pretense , 283
send , 327
senile , old , 257
sensation , 328
sense , mind , 241 " sensation , 328 " wisdom , 372
senseless , absurd , 11
senselessness , idiocy , 207
sensibility , 328
sensible , conscious , 116 " physical , 272 " sagacious , 322
sensitive , fine , 172
sensitiveness , sensibility , 328
sensual , brutish , 87
sentence , v . , condemn , 113
sententious , terse , 354
sentient being , animal , 45
sentiment , idea , 206
separate , abstract , 10
separately , apiece , 51
sequel , catastrophe , 97 " consequence , 116 " event , 158
sequence , time , 356
serene , calm , 91
sermon , speech , 339
service , profit , 288 " sacrament , 321 " utility , 363
serviceableness , utility , 363
set , v . , plant , 274 " put , 296
set , n . , class , 106 " flock , 173
set apart , allow , 34 " holy , 200
set aside , abolish , 6
set fire to , burn , 87
set forth , state , 341
set free , absolve , 9
set on fire , burn , 87
set out , plant , 274
settle , confirm , 114
settle with , requite , 133
set upon , attack , v . , 63
sever , break , 86 " rend , 309
severally , apiece , 51
severe , 329 " difficult , 132 " morose , 245
severity , acrimony , 15
sex , gender , 181
shackle , v . , bind , 81
shackle , n . , fetter , 169
shadowy , dark , 122 " vain , 364
shady , dark , 122
shake , 330
sham , hypocrisy , 204
shame , v . , abash , 3
shame , n . , abomination , 7 " chagrin , 100
shamelessness , effrontery , 144
shape , make , 236
share , v . , apportion , 54
share , n . , part , 264 " portion , 279
sharp , astute , 62 " bitter , 81 " clever , 109 " fine , 172 " sagacious , 322 " steep , 342
sharpness , acrimony , 15 " acumen , 18
sharp - witted , sagacious , 322
shatter , break , 86
sheen , light , 231
sheer , pure , 296 " steep , 342
shelter , v . , 331 " cherish , 104
shelter , n . , defense , 123
shield , v . , shelter , 331
shield , n . , defense , 123
shift , v . , change , v . , 100 " convey , 119
shimmer , light , 231
shine , light , 231
shining , light , 231
shiver , break , 86 " shake , 330
shock , blow , 83 " collision , 109
shocking , awful , 70
shore , bank , 72
short , terse , 354 " transient , 361
should , ought , 260
shout , call , 91
show , array , 57 " ostentation , 259 " pretense , 283
shred , particle , 264
shrewd , astute , 62 " sagacious , 322
shrewdness , acumen , 18
shriek , call , 91
shudder , shake , 330
shun , abhor , 5
shyness , modesty , 244
sickness , disease , 134
sight , array , 57
sign , 332 " characteristic , 103 " emblem , 146 " trace , 359
signal , sign , 332
signify , allude , 36
silent , taciturn , 351
silver , money , 244
similar , alike , 30 " synonymous , 349
similarity , analogy , 43 " approximation , 55
similarly , also , 37
simile , allegory , 33 " analogy , 43
similitude , analogy , 43
simple , candid , 93 " pure , 296
simulation , pretense , 283
sin , 332
since , because , 77 " therefore , 355
sincere , candid , 93 " honest , 202
sine qua non , necessity , 250
sinful , criminal , 120
sing , 333
singe , burn , 87
singular , queer , 297 " rare , 300
singularity , characteristic , 103
sink , abase , 2 " immerse , 212
sinless , innocent , 220 " perfect , 268
situation , circumstance , 105
skeleton , sketch , 334
skeptic , 334
skepticism , doubt , n . , 138
sketch , 334
skilful , 335 " clever , 109
skill , dexterity , 129 " power , 279 " wisdom , 372
skilled , skilful , 335
skirmish , battle , 74
skittish , restive , 314
slack , slow , 337
slackness , neglect , 251
slander , 336 " abuse , 12
slang , 336
slant , v . , tip , 357
slaughter , kill , 226 " massacre , 237
slay , kill , 226
sleep , rest , 313
sleepless , vigilant , 369
slender , fine , 172 " minute , 242
slight , a . , fine , 172 " venial , 367
slight , n . , neglect , 251
sling , send , 327
slit , rend , 309
slope , v . , tip , 357
slothful , idle , 208
slow , 337 " reluctant , 308
slowness , stupidity , 344
sluggish , idle , 208 " slow , 337
sluggishness , apathy , 50 " stupidity , 344
slumber , rest , 313
small , fine , 172 " minute , 242
smart , clever , 109
smartness , pertness , 271
smash , break , 86
smiling , happy , 190
smirch , blemish , 82
smite , beat , 75
smooth , calm , 91 " fine , 172
snappish , morose , 245
snatch , catch , 97
sneer , 337
snug , comfortable , 110
sobriety , abstinence , 10
sociable , friendly , 178
social , friendly , 178
socialism , 338
society , association , 60
soften , alleviate , 33 " chasten , 103
soil , v . , defile , 124 " stain , 341
soil , n . , blemish , 82
sojourn , abide , 5
soldiers , army , 56
soldiery , army , 56
solemn , awful , 70
solemnity , sacrament , 321
solemnize , celebrate , 99
solicit , ask , 59 " plead , 274
solicitude , alarm , 28 " anxiety , 49 " care , 94
solitude , retirement , 315
somber , dark , 122
song , poetry , 277
soothe , allay , 31
sordid , avaricious , 68
sorrow , v . , mourn , 246
sorrow , n . , grief , 187 " misfortune , 242 " repentance , 310
sorrowful , pitiful , 273
sort , air , 27
sottish , brutish , 87
soul , mind , 241
sound , a . , healthy , 195
sound , n . , 338
sour , bitter , 81 " morose , 245
source , beginning , 78 " cause , 98
sourness , acrimony , 15
sow , plant , 274
spacious , large , 229
spank , beat , 75
sparing , frugality , 180
sparkle , light , 231
speak , 339
speaking , speech , 339
speak to , address , v . , 19
specie , money , 244
specify , state , 341
specimen , example , 160 " sample , 323
speck , blemish , 82
speculation , hypothesis , 205
speech , 339 " language , 228
speechless , taciturn , 351
speed , v . , quicken , 297
speedy , nimble , 253
spicy , racy , 299
spirit , character , 102 " mind , 241
spirited , racy , 299
spite , enmity , 152 " hatred , 193
splendid , fine , 172
splenetic , morose , 245
split , break , 86
spoil , decay , 122 " defile , 124
sponge , cleanse , 107
spontaneous , 340
sport , entertainment , 153
spot , v . , stain , 341
spot , n . , blemish , 82
spotless , innocent , 220 " perfect , 268 " pure , 296
spousal , marriage , 236
spread abroad , announce , 46
sprightliness , pertness , 271
sprightly , active , 17 " airy , 27 " happy , 190 " nimble , 253
spring , v . , rise , 319
spring , n . , beginning , 78 " cause , 98
spruce , neat , 249
spry , active , 17 " nimble , 253
spy , 340
stable , permanent , 269
stain , v . , 341 " defile , 124
stain , n . , blemish , 82
stainless , innocent , 220 " perfect , 268 " pure , 296
stamp out , abolish , 6
stanch , faithful , 165
standard , example , 160 " ideal , 206 " model , 243
stand by , help , 195
stare , look , 234
start , beginning , 78
state , v . , 341 " allege , 31 " announce , 46
state , n . , people , 266
stately , awful , 70
statement , report , 311
statute , law , 229
stay , abide , 5 " hinder , 199 " obstruct , 257 " rest , 313
steadfast , permanent , 269
steal , abstract , 10
steep , 342 " high , 198
stern , severe , 329
sticking , adhesive , 22
sticky , adhesive , 22
stiff , severe , 329
stigma , blemish , 82
still , v . , allay , 31
still , a . , calm , 91
still , conj . , but , 89 " notwithstanding , 254 " yet , 374
stillness , apathy , 50 " rest , 313
stinging , bitter , 81
stingy , avaricious , 68
stipend , pay , 266
stipulation , contract , 118
stir , influence , 217
stoicism , apathy , 50
stolid , brutish , 87
stoop , bend , 79
stop , v . , abide , 5 " arrest , 57 " cease , 98 " end , v . , 148 " hinder , 199 " obstruct , 257
stop , n . , rest , 313
store up , amass , 38
storm , v . , attack , v . , 63
storm , n . , 343
story , 343 " fiction , 170 " history , 200 " report , 311
straightforward , candid , 93 " clear , 107 " honest , 202
straightway , immediately , 211
strand , bank , 72
strange , alien , a . , 29 " queer , 297 " rare , 300
stranger , alien , n . , 29
stratagem , artifice , 58
stray , wander , 371
street , way , 372
strength , power , 279
strengthen , confirm , 114
strict , severe , 329
strife , battle , 74 " feud , 170
strike , beat , 75
stripe , blow , 83
strive , endeavor , v . , 149
stroke , blow , 83 " misfortune , 242
strong , healthy , 195
stronghold , fortification , 176
struggle , endeavor , n . , 150
stubborn , obstinate , 256 " perverse , 272 " restive , 314
student , scholar , 324
study , education , 143
stupefaction , stupidity , 344 " stupor , 344
stupid , absurd , 11 " brutish , 87
stupidity , 344 " idiocy , 207
stupor , 344 " stupidity , 344
style , air , 27 " diction , 130 " name , 247
subdivision , part , 264
subdue , chasten , 103 " conquer , 115
subject , v . , conquer , 115
subject , n . , topic , 359
subjection , allegiance , 32
subjective , 345 " inherent , 218
subjoin , add , 18
subjugate , conquer , 115
submerge , immerse , 212
submission , patience , 265
submissive , docile , 136
submit , bend , 79
submit to , endure , 150
subordinate , auxiliary , 67
subside , abate , 3
subsidy , 345
subsisting , alive , 30
substantial , real , 301
substantiate , confirm , 114
substitute , v . , change , v . , 100
substitute , n . , delegate , 125
subterfuge , artifice , 58 " pretense , 283
subtile , astute , 62 " fine , 172
subtle , astute , 62 " fine , 172
subvention , subsidy , 345
subvert , 346 " abolish , 6
succeed , 346 " follow , 174
success , victory , 369
successful , fortunate , 177 " happy , 190
succession , time , 356
succinct , terse , 354
succor , help , 195
suck up , absorb , 9
suffer , allow , 35 " endure , 150
sufferance , patience , 265
suffering , pain , 261
suffice , satisfy , 324
sufficient , adequate , 21 " plentiful , 276
suggest , allude , 36
suggestion , 347
suitable , adequate , 21 " becoming , 77
sulky , morose , 245
sullen , morose , 245
sully , defile , 124 " stain , 341
summary , abridgment , 7
summon , arraign , 56 " convoke , 120
sum up , add , 18 " calculate , 90
sunder , break , 86 " rend , 309
sunny , happy , 190
superabundance , excess , 160
superannuated , antique , 48
superciliousness , pride , 286
superfluity , excess , 160
superhuman , supernatural , 347
superintendence , oversight , 260
supernatural , 347
supersede , subvert , 346
superstition , fanaticism , 166
supervene , happen , 188
supervision , oversight , 260
supplant , abolish , 6 " subvert , 346
supple , active , 17
supplement , appendage , 53
supplicate , ask , 59 " pray , 281
supply , give , 185
support , v . , 348 " abet , 4 " endure , 150 " keep , 226
support , n . , help , 195 " subsidy , 345
supporter , adherent , 21
suppose , 348
supposition , fancy , 167 " hypothesis , 205 " idea , 206
suppress , abolish , 6 " hide , 197 " restrain , 315 " subvert , 346
supremacy , victory , 369
supreme , absolute , 8
sure , authentic , 67 " conscious , 116 " faithful , 165
surety , security , 326
surfeit , satisfy , 324
surly , morose , 245
surmise , v . , doubt , v . , 137 " suppose , 348
surmise , n . , hypothesis , 205
surmount , conquer , 115
surname , name , 247
surpass , beat , 75
surplus , excess , 160
surplusage , circumlocution , 105
surprise , amazement , 39
surrender , 349 " abandon , 1
surrounded by , amid , 42
surveillance , oversight , 260
survey , look , 234
susceptibility , power , 279 " sensibility , 328
suspect , doubt , v . , 137
suspense , doubt , n . , 138
suspicion , doubt , n . , 138
suspicious , envious , 155 " equivocal , 155
sustain , carry , 96 " confirm , 114 " endure , 150 " help , 195 " keep , 226 " support , 348
sustenance , food , 175
swallow , absorb , 9
swallow up , absorb , 9
swarm , flock , 173
swart , dark , 122
swarthy , dark , 122
sway , govern , 185 " influence , 217 " shake , 330
swear , state , 341
swearing , oath , 254
sweep , cleanse , 107
sweet , amiable , 42
swerve , fluctuate , 173 " wander , 371
swift , nimble , 253
swindle , n . , fraud , 177
swindling , fraud , 177
swing , shake , 330
swinish , brutish , 87
switch , beat , 75
swoon , stupor , 344
swooning , stupor , 344
sworn statement , oath , 254
sycophancy , praise , 280
sylvan , rustic , 321
symbol , emblem , 146 " sign , 332
symmetry , harmony , 191
sympathetic , humane , 203
sympathize with , console , 117
sympathy , benevolence , 80 " pity , 273
symphony , melody , 238
symptom , sign , 332
syncope , stupor , 344
synonymic , synonymous , 349
synonymous , 349
synopsis , abridgment , 7
system , 350 " body , 84 " habit , 187 " hypothesis , 205
systematic , dogmatic , 137
system of government , polity , 278
taciturn , 351
tact , address , n . , 20
taint , v . , defile , 124
taint , n . , blemish , 82
take , assume , 61 " carry , 96 " catch , 97
take away , abstract , 10
take hold of , catch , 97
take in , take up , absorb , 9
take into custody , arrest , 57
take - off , caricature , 95
take place , happen , 188
take prisoner , arrest , 57
take to task , reprove , 312
tale , report , 311 " story , 343
talent , genius , 183 " power , 279
talented , clever , 109
talents , genius , 183
talk , speak , 339
talk , n . , conversation , 118 " speech , 339
talkative , garrulous , 181
tall , high , 198
tame , docile , 136
tangible , evident , 159 " physical , 272
tangled , complex , 112
tardy , slow , 337
tarnish , blemish , 82 " defile , 124 " stain , 341
tarry , abide , 5
tart , bitter , 81
tartness , acrimony , 15
tasteful , 352
tasty , tasteful , 352
tattle , babble , 71
taunt , sneer , 337
tautology , circumlocution , 105
teach , 353
teachable , docile , 136
teaching , doctrine , 136 " education , 143
tear , rend , 309
tease , affront , 24
tediousness , circumlocution , 105
teeming , plentiful , 276
tell , announce , 46 " speak , 339 " state , 341
temerity , 353
temper , anger , 44 " character , 102
temperament , character , 102
temperance , abstinence , 10
tempest , storm , 343
temporary , transient , 361
tempt , allure , 37
tendency , aim , 26 " direction , 132
tender , friendly , 178 " humane , 203
tender - hearted , humane , 203
tenderness , attachment , 63 " love , 235 " mercy , 239 " pity , 273
tenet , doctrine , 136
tenuous , fine , 172
term , 354 " boundary , 84 " time , 356
terminate , abolish , 6 " cease , 98 " end , v . , 148
termination , boundary , 84 " end , n . , 148
terminus , end , n . , 148
terrible , awful , 70 " formidable , 176
terrific , awful , 70
terrify , frighten , 180
terror , alarm , 28 " fear , 168
terse , 354
testify , avow , 69 " state , 341
testimony , 355
that , but , 89
theme , topic , 359
then , therefore , 355
thence , therefore , 355
theology , religion , 307
theory , hypothesis , 205 " idea , 206
therefore , 355
thief , robber , 320
thin , fine , 172
think , esteem , v . , 156 " suppose , 348
thirst , appetite , 54
tho , but , 89 " notwithstanding , conj . , 254
thorough , radical , 299
thoroughfare , way , 372
thoroughgoing , radical , 299
thought , idea , 206 " mind , 241
thoughtless , abstracted , 11
thoughtlessness , neglect , 251
thrash , beat , 75
threatening , imminent , 212
thrift , frugality , 180
thrill , shake , 330
thrive , succeed , 346
throe , pain , 261
throng , 356 " company , 110
through , by , 89 " notwithstanding , conj . , 254
throw , send , 327
thrust , drive , 140
thump , blow , 83
thus far , yet , 374
thwart , hinder , 199
tidy , neat , 249
tie , bind , 81
tillage , agriculture , 25
tilt , tip , 357
time , 356
time - honored , old , 257
timeless , eternal , 157
time - worn , old , 257
timid , faint , 164
timidity , alarm , 28 " fear , 168 " modesty , 244
tinge , stain , 341
tint , stain , 341
tiny , minute , 242
tip , v . , 357
tip , n . , end , n . , 148
tire , v . , 357
title , name , 247
tittle , particle , 264
toil , work , 374
toilsome , difficult , 132
token , emblem , 146 " sign , 332 " trace , 359
tolerate , abide , 5 " allow , 35 " endure , 150
tone , sound , 338
tongue , language , 228
too , also , 37
tool , 358
topic , 359
torment , pain , 261
torpor , stupor , 344
torture , pain , 261
total , radical , 299
totter , shake , 330
touching , pitiful , 273
tour , journey , 223
tow , draw , 138
towering , high , 198
trace , 359 " characteristic , 103
track , trace , 359 " way , 372
tractable , docile , 136
trade , business , 88 " sale , 323
trading , business , 88
traduce , slander , 336
traffic , business , 88
trail , trace , 359
train , teach , 353
trained , skilful , 335
training , education , 143
trait , characteristic , 103
trance , dream , 139
tranquil , calm , 91
tranquilize , allay , 31
tranquillity , apathy , 50 " rest , 313
transact , 360 " do , 135
transaction , 360 " act , 16 " business , 88
transcendent , transcendental , 361
transcendental , 361 " mysterious , 247
transcript , duplicate , 141
transfer , convey , 119
transfigure , change , v . , 100
transform , change , v . , 100
transformation , change , n . , 101
transgress , break , 86
transgression , sin , 332
transient , 361
transit , journey , 223 " motion , 245
transition , change , 101 " motion , 245
transitory , transient , 361
translation , definition , 124
translucent , clear , 107
transmit , carry , 96 " convey , 119 " send , 327
transmutation , change , n . , 101
transmute , change , v . , 100
transparent , candid , 93 " clear , 107 " evident , 159
transport , carry , 96 " convey , 119 " enthusiasm , 153
trappings , caparison , 93
travel , journey , 223
travesty , caricature , 95
treachery , fraud , 177
treason , fraud , 177
treasure , cherish , 104
treat , transact , 360
tremble , shake , 330
trembling , fear , 168
tremendous , formidable , 176
tremor , fear , 168
trepidation , fear , 168
trespass , attack , n . , 64
trial , endeavor , n . , 150 " misfortune , 242
tribe , people , 266
tribulation , grief , 187 " misfortune , 242
tribute , subsidy , 345
trick , artifice , 58 " fraud , 177 " pretense , 283
trickery , deception , 123
trifling , idle , 208 " vain , 364
trim , neat , 249
trip , journey , 223
triumph , happiness , 189 " victory , 369
trivial , vain , 364 " venial , 367
troops , army , 56
trouble , anxiety , 49 " care , 94 " grief , 187 " misfortune , 242
true , authentic , 67 " faithful , 165 " honest , 202 " pure , 296 " real , 301
truism , axiom , 71 " proverb , 293
trunk , body , 84
trust , v . , commit , 110
trust , n . , assurance , 61 " faith , 164
trustworthy , authentic , 67 " faithful , 165 " honest , 202 " reliable , 306
trusty , faithful , 165 " honest , 202 " reliable , 306
truth , justice , 225 " veracity , 367 " virtue , 370
truthful , candid , 93
truthfulness , veracity , 367
try , chasten , 103 " endeavor , v . , 149
trying , difficult , 132
tug , draw , 138
tuition , education , 143
tumult , revolution , 317
turbid , obscure , 255
turn , bend , 79 " change , v . , 100 " revolve , 318
tutor , teach , 353
twaddle , babble , 71
twain , both , 84
twine , bend , 79
twinge , pain , 261
twinkle , light , 231
twinkling , light , 231
twist , bend , 79
two , both , 84
type , emblem , 146 " example , 160 " model , 243 " sign , 332
typical , normal , 253
tyrannical , absolute , 8
tyro , amateur , 39
umbrage , pique , 272
umpire , judge , 224
unadorned , clear , 107
unadulterated , pure , 296
unambiguous , clear , 107
unanimity , harmony , 191
unassured , precarious , 282
unavailing , vain , 364
unavoidable , necessary , 250
unavoidableness , necessity , 250
unbelief , doubt , n . , 138
unbeliever , skeptic , 334
unbiased , candid , 93
unbidden , spontaneous , 340
unblemished , perfect , 268 " pure , 296
unbounded , infinite , 216
unbroken , continual , 117
unceasing , continual , 117 " eternal , 157
uncertain , equivocal , 155 " precarious , 282
uncertainty , doubt , n . , 138
unchangeable , permanent , 269
unchanging , permanent , 269
uncivil , bluff , 83
uncivilized , barbarous , 73
uncommon , queer , 297 " rare , 300
uncommunicative , taciturn , 351
uncompromising , severe , 329
unconcern , apathy , 50
unconditional , absolute , 8
unconditioned , infinite , 216
uncongeniality , antipathy , 48
unconnected , alien , a . , 29
unconquerable , obstinate , 256
unconsciousness , stupor , 344
uncontrollable , rebellious , 304
uncorrupted , pure , 296
uncouth , awkward , 70 " barbarous , 73 " rustic , 321
uncreated , primeval , 287
uncultivated , fierce , 171
undaunted , brave , 85
undefiled , perfect , 268 " pure , 296
undeniable , necessary , 250
underestimate , disparage , 134
undergo , endure , 150
underrate , disparage , 134
understand , perceive , 267
understanding , mind , 241 " wisdom , 372
undertake , endeavor , v . , 149
undervalue , disparage , 134
undismayed , brave , 85
undisturbed , calm , 91
undulate , fluctuate , 173
undying , eternal , 157
uneducated , ignorant , 208
unemployed , idle , 208 " vacant , 363
unending , eternal , 157
unenlightened , ignorant , 208
unequivocal , absolute , 8 " clear , 107
unfading , eternal , 157
unfailing , eternal , 157
unfairness , injustice , 220 " prejudice , 283
unfathomable , infinite , 216 " mysterious , 247
unfathomed , mysterious , 247
unfeelingness , apathy , 50
unfilled , vacant , 363
unflinching , obstinate , 256
unfold , amplify , 43
ungainly , awkward , 70
ungodliness , sin , 332
ungovernable , perverse , 272 " rebellious , 304
unhandy , awkward , 70
unhealthful , pernicious , 270
unhealthiness , disease , 134
unhomogeneous , heterogeneous , 196
unification , union , 362
uniform , a . , alike , 30
uniform , n . , dress , 140
uniformity , harmony , 191
unimportant , vain , 364
uninformed , ignorant , 208
uninstructed , ignorant , 208
unintellectual , brutish , 87
unintelligible , obscure , 255
uninterrupted , continual , 117
union , 362 " alliance , 34 " association , 60 " attachment , 63 " harmony , 191 " marriage , 236
unique , queer , 297 " rare , 300
unison , harmony , 191 " melody , 238
unity , harmony , 191 " union , 362
universal , general , 181
unkindness , acrimony , 15
unknown , mysterious , 247
unlawful , criminal , 120
unlearned , ignorant , 208
unless , but , 89
unlettered , ignorant , 208
unlike , alien , a . , 29 " heterogeneous , 196
unlikeness , difference , 131
unlimited , infinite , 216
unmanageable , rebellious , 304
unmannerly , bluff , 83
unmatched , queer , 297
unmeasured , infinite , 216
unmingled , pure , 296
unmistakable , evident , 159 " clear , 107
unmitigated , severe , 329
unmixed , pure , 296
unobtrusiveness , modesty , 244
unoccupied , idle , 208 " vacant , 363
unparalleled , rare , 300
unpolished , rustic , 321
unpolluted , pure , 296
unprecedented , rare , 300
unprejudiced , candid , 93
unpremeditated , extemporaneous , 163
unprofitable , vain , 364
unquestionable , real , 301
unreal , vain , 364
unreasonable , absurd , 11
unrelenting , severe , 329
unremitting , continual , 117
unreserved , candid , 93
unrighteousness , injustice , 220 " sin , 332
unruffled , calm , 91
unruly , restive , 314
unsatisfying , vain , 364
unselfishness , benevolence , 80
unserviceable , vain , 364
unsettle , displace , 135
unsettled , precarious , 282
unskilful , awkward , 70
unskilled , ignorant , 208
unsophisticated , candid , 93 " rustic , 321
unsoundness , disease , 134
unspiritual , brutish , 87
unspotted , pure , 296
unstable , precarious , 282
unstained , pure , 296
unsteady , precarious , 282
unsubstantial , vain , 364
unsuitable , incongruous , 214
unsullied , pure , 296
untainted , pure , 296
untamed , barbarous , 73
untarnished , pure , 296
untaught , ignorant , 208 " rustic , 321
untenanted , vacant , 363
untoward , perverse , 272
untrained , fierce , 171
untruth , deception , 123
untutored , ignorant , 208
unusual , queer , 287 " rare , 300
unvarying , continual , 117
unwavering , faithful , 165
unwholesome , pernicious , 270
unwilling , reluctant , 308
unyielding , severe , 329 " obstinate , 256
upbraid , reprove , 312
upbraiding , reproof , 311
uphold , abet , 4 " confirm , 114 " help , 195 " support , 348
uplifted , high , 198
upright , honest , 202 " innocent , 220 " pure , 296
uprightness , justice , 225 " virtue , 370
uproot , exterminate , 163
upshot , consequence , 116
upstart , new , 252
urbane , polite , 277
urge , influence , 217 " persuade , 271 " plead , 274 " quicken , 297
urge forward , promote , 291
urgency , necessity , 250
urge on , drive , 140 " promote , 291 " quicken , 297
usage , habit , 187
use , employ , 147 " exercise , 162 " habit , 187 " utility , 363
usefulness , profit , 288 " utility , 363
useless , vain , 364
use up , employ , 147
usual , 362 " general , 181 " normal , 253
usurp , assume , 61
utensil , tool , 358
utility , 363 " profit , 288
utmost , end , n . , 148
utter , speak , 339
utterance , remark , 308 " speech , 339
uttermost , end , n . , 148
vacant , 363 " idle , 208
vacate , abandon , 1 " cancel , 92
vacillate , fluctuate , 173
vacuous , vacant , 363
vagary , fancy , 167
vain , 364
vainglory , pride , 286
valediction , farewell , 168
valedictory , farewell , 168
valiant , brave , 85
valor , prowess , 294
value , cherish , 104 " esteem , v . , 156 " price , 285 " profit , 288
vanity , egotism , 145 " pride , 286
vanquish , beat , 75 " conquer , 115
vapid , vain , 364
variant , heterogeneous , 196
variation , change , 101 " difference , 131
variety , change , 101 " difference , 131
various , heterogeneous , 196
vary , change , 100 " fluctuate , 173
vast , large , 229
vaunt , ostentation , 259
vaunting , ostentation , 259
veer , change , 100 " fluctuate , 173 " wander , 371
vehemence , enthusiasm , 153
vehement , eager , 142
veil , hide , 197 " palliate , 261
venal , 365
venerable , old , 257
venerate , 366 " admire , 23
veneration , 366
vengeance , revenge , 316
venial , 367
venture , hazard , 194
venturesome , brave , 85
venturesomeness , temerity , 353
veracity , 367
verbal , 368
verbiage , circumlocution , 105 " diction , 130
verbose , garrulous , 181
verbosity , circumlocution , 105
verdant , rustic , 321
verge , boundary , 84
veritable , authentic , 67 " real , 301
verity , veracity , 367
vernacular , language , 228
verse , meter , 240 " poetry , 277
vestige , trace , 359
vestments , dress , 140
vesture , dress , 140
vex , affront , 24
vexation , anger , 44 " chagrin , 100
viands , food , 175
vibrate , shake , 330
vice , sin , 332
vicious , criminal , 120 " restive , 314
viciousness , sin , 332
vicissitude , change , n . , 101
victimize , abuse , 12
victory , 369
victuals , food , 175
view , look , 234
vigilance , care , 94
vigilant , 369 " alert , 28
vigorous , active , 17 " healthy , 195
vile , brutish , 87 " criminal , 120
vilify , abuse , 12 " slander , 336
villainy , abomination , 7
vindicate , avenge , 69
vindication , apology , 51 " defense , 123
vinegarish , bitter , 81
violate , abuse , 12
violent , fierce , 171
virile , masculine , 237
virtue , 370 " justice , 225
virtuous , innocent , 220 " pure , 296
virtuousness , virtue , 370
virulence , acrimony , 15
virulent , bitter , 81
viscid , adhesive , 22
viscous , adhesive , 22
visible , evident , 159 " physical , 272
vision , dream , 139
visionary , fanciful , 167 " vain , 364
visit , avenge , 69
visitation , misfortune , 242
vitiate , defile , 124
vituperate , abuse , 12
vivacious , alive , 30
vocabulary , diction , 130 " language , 228
vocal , verbal , 368
vocation , business , 88
vociferate , call , 91
void , vacant , 363
voluntary , spontaneous , 340
vow , oath , 254
voyage , journey , 223
vulgar , the , mob , 243
vulgarism , slang , 336
vulgarity , slang , 336
wages , pay , 266
waggery , wit , 373
waggishness , wit , 373
wait , abide , 5
wakeful , vigilant , 369
wander , 371
want , necessity , 250 " poverty , 279
warble , sing , 333
ward , shelter , 331
wariness , care , 94
warmth , enthusiasm , 153
warn , reprove , 312
warning , example , 160
warp , bend , 79
warrant , precedent , 282
wary , vigilant , 369
wash , cleanse , 107
waste , excess , 160 " vacant , 363
wastefulness , excess , 160
watch , look , 234
watch for , abide , 5
watchful , alert , 28 " vigilant , 369
watchfulness , care , 94
watch , on the , alert , 28
wave , shake , 330
waver , fluctuate , 173 " shake , 330
way , 372 " air , 27 " direction , 132
wayward , perverse , 272
weak , faint , 164
weapon , tool , 358
weapons , arms , 55
wearied , faint , 164
wear out , tire , 357
weary , tire , 357
wedded , addicted , 19
wedding , marriage , 236
wedlock , marriage , 236
weigh , deliberate , 125
weight , load , 233
welcome , delightful , 126
well , healthy , 195
well - behaved , polite , 277
well - bred , polite , 277
well - disposed , friendly , 178
well - mannered , polite , 277
well off , comfortable , 110
well - provided , comfortable , 110
well to do , comfortable , 110
whence , therefore , 355
wherefore , therefore , 355
while , time , 356
whim , fancy , 167
whimsical , queer , 297
whip , beat , 75
whit , particle , 264
whiten , bleach , 82
whitewash , bleach , 82
wholesome , healthy , 195
wicked , criminal , 120
wickedness , abomination , 7 " sin , 332
wide , large , 229
wide - awake , active , 17 " alert , 28 " vigilant , 369
widen , amplify , 43
wild , absurd , 11 " fierce , 171
wile , artifice , 58 " pretense , 283
wilful , perverse , 272
willing , spontaneous , 340
win , allure , 37 " attain , 64 " conquer , 115 " get , 183 " succeed , 346
wind up , end , v . , 148
winning , amiable , 42 " charming , 103
win over , persuade , 271
winsome , amiable , 42
wipe , cleanse , 107
wipe out , exterminate , 163
wisdom , 372 " knowledge , 227 " prudence , 294
wise , sagacious , 322
wish , desire , 128
wit , 373
with , by , 89
withal , also , 37
withdraw , abstract , 10
withdraw from , abandon , 1
wither , die , 130
withhold , keep , 226 " restrain , 315
without delay , immediately , 211
without end , eternal , 157
witness , avow , 69 " testimony , 355
witticism , wit , 373
wo , grief , 187 " pain , 261
woful , pitiful , 273
womanish , feminine , 169
womanly , feminine , 169
wonder , admire , 23 " amazement , 39
wont , habit , 187
wonted , usual , 362
woo , address , v . , 19
word , term , 354
wordiness , circumlocution , 105
wording , diction , 130
work , 374 " act , 16 " business , 88
workman , artist , 58
work out , do , 135
worn , faint , 164
worn down , faint , 164
worn out , faint , 164
worry , anxiety , 49 " care , 94
worship , religion , 307
worst , beat , 75 " conquer , 115
worth , price , 285 " virtue , 370
worthiness , virtue , 370
worthless , vain , 364
worthy , becoming , 77
wound , affront , 24
wrangle , reason , v . , 302
wrath , anger , 44
wretched , pitiful , 273
writing , metrical , poetry , 277
writings , literature , 233
wrong , v . , abuse , 12
wrong , a . , criminal , 120
wrong , n . , injury , 219 " injustice , 220 " sin , 332
wrong - doing , sin , 332
yearning , eager , 142
yell , call , 91
yet , 374 " but , 89 " notwithstanding , conj . , 254
yield , allow , 35 " bend , 79 " harvest , 192 " surrender , 349
yielding , docile , 136
young , new , 252 " youthful , 375
youthful , 375 " new , 252
zeal , enthusiasm , 153
zealous , eager , 142
zest , appetite , 54
transcriber's endnotes :
significant amendments , invalid links and further notes have been listed below .
p .
45 , animal , synonyms re - ordered ( fauna originally last ) ;
p .
45 , animal , ' individal ' amended to individual ;
p .
70 , awful , ' mein ' amended to mien ;
p .
75 , beat , invalid reference : ' shatter ' , see index ;
p .
78 , beginning , ' 1 john 1 ' amended to john i , 1 ;
p .
82 , bitter , ' quinin , or strychnin ' amended to quinine , or strychnine ;
p .
98 , cause , ' conseqeunce ' amended to consequence ;
p .
128 , desire , ' concupisence ' amended to concupiscence ;
p .
148 , end , v . , ' synonymns ' amended to synonyms ;
p .
148 , end , v . , invalid reference : ' begin ' , see index ;
p .
149 , end , n . , ' conseqence ' amended to consequence ;
p .
153 , enthusiasm , ' ecstacy ' amended to ecstasy ;
p .
167 , fanciful , ' arangement ' amended to arrangement ;
p .
190 , happiness , invalid reference : ' comfort ' , see index ;
p .
196 , heterogeneous , ' heterogenious ' amended to heterogeneous ( twice ) ;
p .
202 , honest , ' fradulent ' amended to fraudulent ;
p .
212 , immerse , invalid reference : ' bury ' , see index ;
p .
214 , impudence , invalid reference : ' arrogance ' , see index ;
p .
227 , knowledge , ' or ' amended to of - - ' . . .
perception of external objects . . . ' ;
p .
276 , plentiful , ' ( compare synonyms especial reference to giving or expending . ' , amended , using a later edition , to ( compare synonyms for adequate . ) ;
p .
278 , polite , ' devolopment ' amended to development ;
p .
297 , queer , ' an ' amended to as - - ' . . .
and so uneven , as an odd number . . . ' ;
p .
305 , record , ' deposito ' amended to depository ;
p .
316 , revelation , ' mistery ' amended to mystery ;
p .
334 , sketch and p .
335 , skeptic , out - of - sequence entries re - ordered ; estimated new placement of p .
335 marker ; index amendments include : p .
511 , agnostic ; p .
513 , atheist ; p .
523 , deist ; p .
525 , disbeliever ; p .
526 , doubter ; p .
532 , freethinker ; p .
537 , infidel ; p .
555 , skeptic ; p .
560 , unbeliever ;
p .
400 , assume , ' and ' amended to or - - ' unless he do profane , steal , or - - - - . ' ;
p .
418 , dexterity , ' imimitable ' amended to inimitable ;
p .
431 , exterminate , added is - - ' . . .
what is the original meaning . . . ' ;
p .
433 , fear , ' right ' amended to fright - - ' how does it compare with fright . . . ' ;
p .
434 , feud , ' contentention ' amended to contention ;
p .
443 , happiness , ' ecstacy ' amended to ecstasy ;
p .
487 , proverb , ' apothem ' amended to apothegm ;
p .
515 , index , because : ' therefor ' amended to therefore ;
p .
516 , index , bodily : page number added to physical ;
p .
530 , index , fancy : sub - listing ordered alphabetically ;
p .
535 , index , imagination : page number corrected for idea ;
p .
535 , index , ' immeasureable ' : amended to immeasurable ;
p .
539 , index , kind : sub - listing ordered alphabetically ;
p .
540 , index , loving : ' friendy ' amended to friendly ;
p .
543 , index , nutrition : oath removed from sub - listing and listed separately ;
p .
546 , index , plan : horizontal removed from sub - listing .
