today the first soup was hot but the other soup was cold .
today the first soup was cold but the other soup was hot .
this morning the first soup was hot but the other soup was cold .
this morning the first soup was cold but the other soup was hot .
at noon the first soup was hot but the other soup was cold .
at noon the first soup was cold but the other soup was hot .
this evening the first soup was hot but the other soup was cold .
this evening the first soup was cold but the other soup was hot .
on monday the first soup was hot but the other soup was cold .
on monday the first soup was cold but the other soup was hot .
on friday the first soup was hot but the other soup was cold .
on friday the first soup was cold but the other soup was hot .
today the first drink was hot but the other drink was cold .
today the first drink was cold but the other drink was hot .
this morning the first drink was hot but the other drink was cold .
this morning the first drink was cold but the other drink was hot .
at noon the first drink was hot but the other drink was cold .
at noon the first drink was cold but the other drink was hot .
this evening the first drink was hot but the other drink was cold .
this evening the first drink was cold but the other drink was hot .
on monday the first drink was hot but the other drink was cold .
on monday the first drink was cold but the other drink was hot .
on friday the first drink was hot but the other drink was cold .
on friday the first drink was cold but the other drink was hot .
today the first water was hot but the other water was cold .
today the first water was cold but the other water was hot .
this morning the first water was hot but the other water was cold .
this morning the first water was cold but the other water was hot .
at noon the first water was hot but the other water was cold .
at noon the first water was cold but the other water was hot .
this evening the first water was hot but the other water was cold .
this evening the first water was cold but the other water was hot .
on monday the first water was hot but the other water was cold .
on monday the first water was cold but the other water was hot .
on friday the first water was hot but the other water was cold .
on friday the first water was cold but the other water was hot .
today the first tea was hot but the other tea was cold .
today the first tea was cold but the other tea was hot .
this morning the first tea was hot but the other tea was cold .
this morning the first tea was cold but the other tea was hot .
at noon the first tea was hot but the other tea was cold .
at noon the first tea was cold but the other tea was hot .
this evening the first tea was hot but the other tea was cold .
this evening the first tea was cold but the other tea was hot .
on monday the first tea was hot but the other tea was cold .
on monday the first tea was cold but the other tea was hot .
on friday the first tea was hot but the other tea was cold .
on friday the first tea was cold but the other tea was hot .
today the first milk was hot but the other milk was cold .
today the first milk was cold but the other milk was hot .
this morning the first milk was hot but the other milk was cold .
this morning the first milk was cold but the other milk was hot .
at noon the first milk was hot but the other milk was cold .
at noon the first milk was cold but the other milk was hot .
this evening the first milk was hot but the other milk was cold .
this evening the first milk was cold but the other milk was hot .
on monday the first milk was hot but the other milk was cold .
on monday the first milk was cold but the other milk was hot .
on friday the first milk was hot but the other milk was cold .
on friday the first milk was cold but the other milk was hot .
today the first meal was hot but the other meal was cold .
today the first meal was cold but the other meal was hot .
this morning the first meal was hot but the other meal was cold .
this morning the first meal was cold but the other meal was hot .
at noon the first meal was hot but the other meal was cold .
at noon the first meal was cold but the other meal was hot .
this evening the first meal was hot but the other meal was cold .
this evening the first meal was cold but the other meal was hot .
on monday the first meal was hot but the other meal was cold .
on monday the first meal was cold but the other meal was hot .
on friday the first meal was hot but the other meal was cold .
on friday the first meal was cold but the other meal was hot .
the words hot and cold describe contrasting conditions .
the words cold and hot describe contrasting conditions .
hot contrasts with cold in this lesson .
cold contrasts with hot in this lesson .
we learned that hot and cold have opposite meanings .
we learned that cold and hot have opposite meanings .
today the first cup was empty but the other cup was full .
today the first cup was full but the other cup was empty .
this morning the first cup was empty but the other cup was full .
this morning the first cup was full but the other cup was empty .
at noon the first cup was empty but the other cup was full .
at noon the first cup was full but the other cup was empty .
this evening the first cup was empty but the other cup was full .
this evening the first cup was full but the other cup was empty .
on monday the first cup was empty but the other cup was full .
on monday the first cup was full but the other cup was empty .
on friday the first cup was empty but the other cup was full .
on friday the first cup was full but the other cup was empty .
today the first box was empty but the other box was full .
today the first box was full but the other box was empty .
this morning the first box was empty but the other box was full .
this morning the first box was full but the other box was empty .
at noon the first box was empty but the other box was full .
at noon the first box was full but the other box was empty .
this evening the first box was empty but the other box was full .
this evening the first box was full but the other box was empty .
on monday the first box was empty but the other box was full .
on monday the first box was full but the other box was empty .
on friday the first box was empty but the other box was full .
on friday the first box was full but the other box was empty .
today the first bag was empty but the other bag was full .
today the first bag was full but the other bag was empty .
this morning the first bag was empty but the other bag was full .
this morning the first bag was full but the other bag was empty .
at noon the first bag was empty but the other bag was full .
at noon the first bag was full but the other bag was empty .
this evening the first bag was empty but the other bag was full .
this evening the first bag was full but the other bag was empty .
on monday the first bag was empty but the other bag was full .
on monday the first bag was full but the other bag was empty .
on friday the first bag was empty but the other bag was full .
on friday the first bag was full but the other bag was empty .
today the first bottle was empty but the other bottle was full .
today the first bottle was full but the other bottle was empty .
this morning the first bottle was empty but the other bottle was full .
this morning the first bottle was full but the other bottle was empty .
at noon the first bottle was empty but the other bottle was full .
at noon the first bottle was full but the other bottle was empty .
this evening the first bottle was empty but the other bottle was full .
this evening the first bottle was full but the other bottle was empty .
on monday the first bottle was empty but the other bottle was full .
on monday the first bottle was full but the other bottle was empty .
on friday the first bottle was empty but the other bottle was full .
on friday the first bottle was full but the other bottle was empty .
today the first basket was empty but the other basket was full .
today the first basket was full but the other basket was empty .
this morning the first basket was empty but the other basket was full .
this morning the first basket was full but the other basket was empty .
at noon the first basket was empty but the other basket was full .
at noon the first basket was full but the other basket was empty .
this evening the first basket was empty but the other basket was full .
this evening the first basket was full but the other basket was empty .
on monday the first basket was empty but the other basket was full .
on monday the first basket was full but the other basket was empty .
on friday the first basket was empty but the other basket was full .
on friday the first basket was full but the other basket was empty .
today the first container was empty but the other container was full .
today the first container was full but the other container was empty .
this morning the first container was empty but the other container was full .
this morning the first container was full but the other container was empty .
at noon the first container was empty but the other container was full .
at noon the first container was full but the other container was empty .
this evening the first container was empty but the other container was full .
this evening the first container was full but the other container was empty .
on monday the first container was empty but the other container was full .
on monday the first container was full but the other container was empty .
on friday the first container was empty but the other container was full .
on friday the first container was full but the other container was empty .
the words empty and full describe contrasting conditions .
the words full and empty describe contrasting conditions .
empty contrasts with full in this lesson .
full contrasts with empty in this lesson .
we learned that empty and full have opposite meanings .
we learned that full and empty have opposite meanings .
today the first room was noisy but the other room was quiet .
today the first room was quiet but the other room was noisy .
this morning the first room was noisy but the other room was quiet .
this morning the first room was quiet but the other room was noisy .
at noon the first room was noisy but the other room was quiet .
at noon the first room was quiet but the other room was noisy .
this evening the first room was noisy but the other room was quiet .
this evening the first room was quiet but the other room was noisy .
on monday the first room was noisy but the other room was quiet .
on monday the first room was quiet but the other room was noisy .
on friday the first room was noisy but the other room was quiet .
on friday the first room was quiet but the other room was noisy .
today the first school was noisy but the other school was quiet .
today the first school was quiet but the other school was noisy .
this morning the first school was noisy but the other school was quiet .
this morning the first school was quiet but the other school was noisy .
at noon the first school was noisy but the other school was quiet .
at noon the first school was quiet but the other school was noisy .
this evening the first school was noisy but the other school was quiet .
this evening the first school was quiet but the other school was noisy .
on monday the first school was noisy but the other school was quiet .
on monday the first school was quiet but the other school was noisy .
on friday the first school was noisy but the other school was quiet .
on friday the first school was quiet but the other school was noisy .
today the first street was noisy but the other street was quiet .
today the first street was quiet but the other street was noisy .
this morning the first street was noisy but the other street was quiet .
this morning the first street was quiet but the other street was noisy .
at noon the first street was noisy but the other street was quiet .
at noon the first street was quiet but the other street was noisy .
this evening the first street was noisy but the other street was quiet .
this evening the first street was quiet but the other street was noisy .
on monday the first street was noisy but the other street was quiet .
on monday the first street was quiet but the other street was noisy .
on friday the first street was noisy but the other street was quiet .
on friday the first street was quiet but the other street was noisy .
today the first office was noisy but the other office was quiet .
today the first office was quiet but the other office was noisy .
this morning the first office was noisy but the other office was quiet .
this morning the first office was quiet but the other office was noisy .
at noon the first office was noisy but the other office was quiet .
at noon the first office was quiet but the other office was noisy .
this evening the first office was noisy but the other office was quiet .
this evening the first office was quiet but the other office was noisy .
on monday the first office was noisy but the other office was quiet .
on monday the first office was quiet but the other office was noisy .
on friday the first office was noisy but the other office was quiet .
on friday the first office was quiet but the other office was noisy .
today the first kitchen was noisy but the other kitchen was quiet .
today the first kitchen was quiet but the other kitchen was noisy .
this morning the first kitchen was noisy but the other kitchen was quiet .
this morning the first kitchen was quiet but the other kitchen was noisy .
at noon the first kitchen was noisy but the other kitchen was quiet .
at noon the first kitchen was quiet but the other kitchen was noisy .
this evening the first kitchen was noisy but the other kitchen was quiet .
this evening the first kitchen was quiet but the other kitchen was noisy .
on monday the first kitchen was noisy but the other kitchen was quiet .
on monday the first kitchen was quiet but the other kitchen was noisy .
on friday the first kitchen was noisy but the other kitchen was quiet .
on friday the first kitchen was quiet but the other kitchen was noisy .
today the first store was noisy but the other store was quiet .
today the first store was quiet but the other store was noisy .
this morning the first store was noisy but the other store was quiet .
this morning the first store was quiet but the other store was noisy .
at noon the first store was noisy but the other store was quiet .
at noon the first store was quiet but the other store was noisy .
this evening the first store was noisy but the other store was quiet .
this evening the first store was quiet but the other store was noisy .
on monday the first store was noisy but the other store was quiet .
on monday the first store was quiet but the other store was noisy .
on friday the first store was noisy but the other store was quiet .
on friday the first store was quiet but the other store was noisy .
the words noisy and quiet describe contrasting conditions .
the words quiet and noisy describe contrasting conditions .
noisy contrasts with quiet in this lesson .
quiet contrasts with noisy in this lesson .
we learned that noisy and quiet have opposite meanings .
we learned that quiet and noisy have opposite meanings .
today the first train was fast but the other train was slow .
today the first train was slow but the other train was fast .
this morning the first train was fast but the other train was slow .
this morning the first train was slow but the other train was fast .
at noon the first train was fast but the other train was slow .
at noon the first train was slow but the other train was fast .
this evening the first train was fast but the other train was slow .
this evening the first train was slow but the other train was fast .
on monday the first train was fast but the other train was slow .
on monday the first train was slow but the other train was fast .
on friday the first train was fast but the other train was slow .
on friday the first train was slow but the other train was fast .
today the first bus was fast but the other bus was slow .
today the first bus was slow but the other bus was fast .
this morning the first bus was fast but the other bus was slow .
this morning the first bus was slow but the other bus was fast .
at noon the first bus was fast but the other bus was slow .
at noon the first bus was slow but the other bus was fast .
this evening the first bus was fast but the other bus was slow .
this evening the first bus was slow but the other bus was fast .
on monday the first bus was fast but the other bus was slow .
on monday the first bus was slow but the other bus was fast .
on friday the first bus was fast but the other bus was slow .
on friday the first bus was slow but the other bus was fast .
today the first car was fast but the other car was slow .
today the first car was slow but the other car was fast .
this morning the first car was fast but the other car was slow .
this morning the first car was slow but the other car was fast .
at noon the first car was fast but the other car was slow .
at noon the first car was slow but the other car was fast .
this evening the first car was fast but the other car was slow .
this evening the first car was slow but the other car was fast .
on monday the first car was fast but the other car was slow .
on monday the first car was slow but the other car was fast .
on friday the first car was fast but the other car was slow .
on friday the first car was slow but the other car was fast .
today the first bicycle was fast but the other bicycle was slow .
today the first bicycle was slow but the other bicycle was fast .
this morning the first bicycle was fast but the other bicycle was slow .
this morning the first bicycle was slow but the other bicycle was fast .
at noon the first bicycle was fast but the other bicycle was slow .
at noon the first bicycle was slow but the other bicycle was fast .
this evening the first bicycle was fast but the other bicycle was slow .
this evening the first bicycle was slow but the other bicycle was fast .
on monday the first bicycle was fast but the other bicycle was slow .
on monday the first bicycle was slow but the other bicycle was fast .
on friday the first bicycle was fast but the other bicycle was slow .
on friday the first bicycle was slow but the other bicycle was fast .
today the first runner was fast but the other runner was slow .
today the first runner was slow but the other runner was fast .
this morning the first runner was fast but the other runner was slow .
this morning the first runner was slow but the other runner was fast .
at noon the first runner was fast but the other runner was slow .
at noon the first runner was slow but the other runner was fast .
this evening the first runner was fast but the other runner was slow .
this evening the first runner was slow but the other runner was fast .
on monday the first runner was fast but the other runner was slow .
on monday the first runner was slow but the other runner was fast .
on friday the first runner was fast but the other runner was slow .
on friday the first runner was slow but the other runner was fast .
today the first vehicle was fast but the other vehicle was slow .
today the first vehicle was slow but the other vehicle was fast .
this morning the first vehicle was fast but the other vehicle was slow .
this morning the first vehicle was slow but the other vehicle was fast .
at noon the first vehicle was fast but the other vehicle was slow .
at noon the first vehicle was slow but the other vehicle was fast .
this evening the first vehicle was fast but the other vehicle was slow .
this evening the first vehicle was slow but the other vehicle was fast .
on monday the first vehicle was fast but the other vehicle was slow .
on monday the first vehicle was slow but the other vehicle was fast .
on friday the first vehicle was fast but the other vehicle was slow .
on friday the first vehicle was slow but the other vehicle was fast .
the words fast and slow describe contrasting conditions .
the words slow and fast describe contrasting conditions .
fast contrasts with slow in this lesson .
slow contrasts with fast in this lesson .
we learned that fast and slow have opposite meanings .
we learned that slow and fast have opposite meanings .
today the first box was heavy but the other box was light .
today the first box was light but the other box was heavy .
this morning the first box was heavy but the other box was light .
this morning the first box was light but the other box was heavy .
at noon the first box was heavy but the other box was light .
at noon the first box was light but the other box was heavy .
this evening the first box was heavy but the other box was light .
this evening the first box was light but the other box was heavy .
on monday the first box was heavy but the other box was light .
on monday the first box was light but the other box was heavy .
on friday the first box was heavy but the other box was light .
on friday the first box was light but the other box was heavy .
today the first bag was heavy but the other bag was light .
today the first bag was light but the other bag was heavy .
this morning the first bag was heavy but the other bag was light .
this morning the first bag was light but the other bag was heavy .
at noon the first bag was heavy but the other bag was light .
at noon the first bag was light but the other bag was heavy .
this evening the first bag was heavy but the other bag was light .
this evening the first bag was light but the other bag was heavy .
on monday the first bag was heavy but the other bag was light .
on monday the first bag was light but the other bag was heavy .
on friday the first bag was heavy but the other bag was light .
on friday the first bag was light but the other bag was heavy .
today the first package was heavy but the other package was light .
today the first package was light but the other package was heavy .
this morning the first package was heavy but the other package was light .
this morning the first package was light but the other package was heavy .
at noon the first package was heavy but the other package was light .
at noon the first package was light but the other package was heavy .
this evening the first package was heavy but the other package was light .
this evening the first package was light but the other package was heavy .
on monday the first package was heavy but the other package was light .
on monday the first package was light but the other package was heavy .
on friday the first package was heavy but the other package was light .
on friday the first package was light but the other package was heavy .
today the first basket was heavy but the other basket was light .
today the first basket was light but the other basket was heavy .
this morning the first basket was heavy but the other basket was light .
this morning the first basket was light but the other basket was heavy .
at noon the first basket was heavy but the other basket was light .
at noon the first basket was light but the other basket was heavy .
this evening the first basket was heavy but the other basket was light .
this evening the first basket was light but the other basket was heavy .
on monday the first basket was heavy but the other basket was light .
on monday the first basket was light but the other basket was heavy .
on friday the first basket was heavy but the other basket was light .
on friday the first basket was light but the other basket was heavy .
today the first book was heavy but the other book was light .
today the first book was light but the other book was heavy .
this morning the first book was heavy but the other book was light .
this morning the first book was light but the other book was heavy .
at noon the first book was heavy but the other book was light .
at noon the first book was light but the other book was heavy .
this evening the first book was heavy but the other book was light .
this evening the first book was light but the other book was heavy .
on monday the first book was heavy but the other book was light .
on monday the first book was light but the other book was heavy .
on friday the first book was heavy but the other book was light .
on friday the first book was light but the other book was heavy .
today the first item was heavy but the other item was light .
today the first item was light but the other item was heavy .
this morning the first item was heavy but the other item was light .
this morning the first item was light but the other item was heavy .
at noon the first item was heavy but the other item was light .
at noon the first item was light but the other item was heavy .
this evening the first item was heavy but the other item was light .
this evening the first item was light but the other item was heavy .
on monday the first item was heavy but the other item was light .
on monday the first item was light but the other item was heavy .
on friday the first item was heavy but the other item was light .
on friday the first item was light but the other item was heavy .
the words heavy and light describe contrasting conditions .
the words light and heavy describe contrasting conditions .
heavy contrasts with light in this lesson .
light contrasts with heavy in this lesson .
we learned that heavy and light have opposite meanings .
we learned that light and heavy have opposite meanings .
today the first train was early but the other train was late .
today the first train was late but the other train was early .
this morning the first train was early but the other train was late .
this morning the first train was late but the other train was early .
at noon the first train was early but the other train was late .
at noon the first train was late but the other train was early .
this evening the first train was early but the other train was late .
this evening the first train was late but the other train was early .
on monday the first train was early but the other train was late .
on monday the first train was late but the other train was early .
on friday the first train was early but the other train was late .
on friday the first train was late but the other train was early .
today the first bus was early but the other bus was late .
today the first bus was late but the other bus was early .
this morning the first bus was early but the other bus was late .
this morning the first bus was late but the other bus was early .
at noon the first bus was early but the other bus was late .
at noon the first bus was late but the other bus was early .
this evening the first bus was early but the other bus was late .
this evening the first bus was late but the other bus was early .
on monday the first bus was early but the other bus was late .
on monday the first bus was late but the other bus was early .
on friday the first bus was early but the other bus was late .
on friday the first bus was late but the other bus was early .
today the first visitor was early but the other visitor was late .
today the first visitor was late but the other visitor was early .
this morning the first visitor was early but the other visitor was late .
this morning the first visitor was late but the other visitor was early .
at noon the first visitor was early but the other visitor was late .
at noon the first visitor was late but the other visitor was early .
this evening the first visitor was early but the other visitor was late .
this evening the first visitor was late but the other visitor was early .
on monday the first visitor was early but the other visitor was late .
on monday the first visitor was late but the other visitor was early .
on friday the first visitor was early but the other visitor was late .
on friday the first visitor was late but the other visitor was early .
today the first customer was early but the other customer was late .
today the first customer was late but the other customer was early .
this morning the first customer was early but the other customer was late .
this morning the first customer was late but the other customer was early .
at noon the first customer was early but the other customer was late .
at noon the first customer was late but the other customer was early .
this evening the first customer was early but the other customer was late .
this evening the first customer was late but the other customer was early .
on monday the first customer was early but the other customer was late .
on monday the first customer was late but the other customer was early .
on friday the first customer was early but the other customer was late .
on friday the first customer was late but the other customer was early .
today the first student was early but the other student was late .
today the first student was late but the other student was early .
this morning the first student was early but the other student was late .
this morning the first student was late but the other student was early .
at noon the first student was early but the other student was late .
at noon the first student was late but the other student was early .
this evening the first student was early but the other student was late .
this evening the first student was late but the other student was early .
on monday the first student was early but the other student was late .
on monday the first student was late but the other student was early .
on friday the first student was early but the other student was late .
on friday the first student was late but the other student was early .
today the first teacher was early but the other teacher was late .
today the first teacher was late but the other teacher was early .
this morning the first teacher was early but the other teacher was late .
this morning the first teacher was late but the other teacher was early .
at noon the first teacher was early but the other teacher was late .
at noon the first teacher was late but the other teacher was early .
this evening the first teacher was early but the other teacher was late .
this evening the first teacher was late but the other teacher was early .
on monday the first teacher was early but the other teacher was late .
on monday the first teacher was late but the other teacher was early .
on friday the first teacher was early but the other teacher was late .
on friday the first teacher was late but the other teacher was early .
the words early and late describe contrasting conditions .
the words late and early describe contrasting conditions .
early contrasts with late in this lesson .
late contrasts with early in this lesson .
we learned that early and late have opposite meanings .
we learned that late and early have opposite meanings .
today the first pillow was soft but the other pillow was hard .
today the first pillow was hard but the other pillow was soft .
this morning the first pillow was soft but the other pillow was hard .
this morning the first pillow was hard but the other pillow was soft .
at noon the first pillow was soft but the other pillow was hard .
at noon the first pillow was hard but the other pillow was soft .
this evening the first pillow was soft but the other pillow was hard .
this evening the first pillow was hard but the other pillow was soft .
on monday the first pillow was soft but the other pillow was hard .
on monday the first pillow was hard but the other pillow was soft .
on friday the first pillow was soft but the other pillow was hard .
on friday the first pillow was hard but the other pillow was soft .
today the first bed was soft but the other bed was hard .
today the first bed was hard but the other bed was soft .
this morning the first bed was soft but the other bed was hard .
this morning the first bed was hard but the other bed was soft .
at noon the first bed was soft but the other bed was hard .
at noon the first bed was hard but the other bed was soft .
this evening the first bed was soft but the other bed was hard .
this evening the first bed was hard but the other bed was soft .
on monday the first bed was soft but the other bed was hard .
on monday the first bed was hard but the other bed was soft .
on friday the first bed was soft but the other bed was hard .
on friday the first bed was hard but the other bed was soft .
today the first seat was soft but the other seat was hard .
today the first seat was hard but the other seat was soft .
this morning the first seat was soft but the other seat was hard .
this morning the first seat was hard but the other seat was soft .
at noon the first seat was soft but the other seat was hard .
at noon the first seat was hard but the other seat was soft .
this evening the first seat was soft but the other seat was hard .
this evening the first seat was hard but the other seat was soft .
on monday the first seat was soft but the other seat was hard .
on monday the first seat was hard but the other seat was soft .
on friday the first seat was soft but the other seat was hard .
on friday the first seat was hard but the other seat was soft .
today the first surface was soft but the other surface was hard .
today the first surface was hard but the other surface was soft .
this morning the first surface was soft but the other surface was hard .
this morning the first surface was hard but the other surface was soft .
at noon the first surface was soft but the other surface was hard .
at noon the first surface was hard but the other surface was soft .
this evening the first surface was soft but the other surface was hard .
this evening the first surface was hard but the other surface was soft .
on monday the first surface was soft but the other surface was hard .
on monday the first surface was hard but the other surface was soft .
on friday the first surface was soft but the other surface was hard .
on friday the first surface was hard but the other surface was soft .
today the first material was soft but the other material was hard .
today the first material was hard but the other material was soft .
this morning the first material was soft but the other material was hard .
this morning the first material was hard but the other material was soft .
at noon the first material was soft but the other material was hard .
at noon the first material was hard but the other material was soft .
this evening the first material was soft but the other material was hard .
this evening the first material was hard but the other material was soft .
on monday the first material was soft but the other material was hard .
on monday the first material was hard but the other material was soft .
on friday the first material was soft but the other material was hard .
on friday the first material was hard but the other material was soft .
today the first cushion was soft but the other cushion was hard .
today the first cushion was hard but the other cushion was soft .
this morning the first cushion was soft but the other cushion was hard .
this morning the first cushion was hard but the other cushion was soft .
at noon the first cushion was soft but the other cushion was hard .
at noon the first cushion was hard but the other cushion was soft .
this evening the first cushion was soft but the other cushion was hard .
this evening the first cushion was hard but the other cushion was soft .
on monday the first cushion was soft but the other cushion was hard .
on monday the first cushion was hard but the other cushion was soft .
on friday the first cushion was soft but the other cushion was hard .
on friday the first cushion was hard but the other cushion was soft .
the words soft and hard describe contrasting conditions .
the words hard and soft describe contrasting conditions .
soft contrasts with hard in this lesson .
hard contrasts with soft in this lesson .
we learned that soft and hard have opposite meanings .
we learned that hard and soft have opposite meanings .
today the first music was loud but the other music was quiet .
today the first music was quiet but the other music was loud .
this morning the first music was loud but the other music was quiet .
this morning the first music was quiet but the other music was loud .
at noon the first music was loud but the other music was quiet .
at noon the first music was quiet but the other music was loud .
this evening the first music was loud but the other music was quiet .
this evening the first music was quiet but the other music was loud .
on monday the first music was loud but the other music was quiet .
on monday the first music was quiet but the other music was loud .
on friday the first music was loud but the other music was quiet .
on friday the first music was quiet but the other music was loud .
today the first sound was loud but the other sound was quiet .
today the first sound was quiet but the other sound was loud .
this morning the first sound was loud but the other sound was quiet .
this morning the first sound was quiet but the other sound was loud .
at noon the first sound was loud but the other sound was quiet .
at noon the first sound was quiet but the other sound was loud .
this evening the first sound was loud but the other sound was quiet .
this evening the first sound was quiet but the other sound was loud .
on monday the first sound was loud but the other sound was quiet .
on monday the first sound was quiet but the other sound was loud .
on friday the first sound was loud but the other sound was quiet .
on friday the first sound was quiet but the other sound was loud .
today the first voice was loud but the other voice was quiet .
today the first voice was quiet but the other voice was loud .
this morning the first voice was loud but the other voice was quiet .
this morning the first voice was quiet but the other voice was loud .
at noon the first voice was loud but the other voice was quiet .
at noon the first voice was quiet but the other voice was loud .
this evening the first voice was loud but the other voice was quiet .
this evening the first voice was quiet but the other voice was loud .
on monday the first voice was loud but the other voice was quiet .
on monday the first voice was quiet but the other voice was loud .
on friday the first voice was loud but the other voice was quiet .
on friday the first voice was quiet but the other voice was loud .
today the first radio was loud but the other radio was quiet .
today the first radio was quiet but the other radio was loud .
this morning the first radio was loud but the other radio was quiet .
this morning the first radio was quiet but the other radio was loud .
at noon the first radio was loud but the other radio was quiet .
at noon the first radio was quiet but the other radio was loud .
this evening the first radio was loud but the other radio was quiet .
this evening the first radio was quiet but the other radio was loud .
on monday the first radio was loud but the other radio was quiet .
on monday the first radio was quiet but the other radio was loud .
on friday the first radio was loud but the other radio was quiet .
on friday the first radio was quiet but the other radio was loud .
today the first bell was loud but the other bell was quiet .
today the first bell was quiet but the other bell was loud .
this morning the first bell was loud but the other bell was quiet .
this morning the first bell was quiet but the other bell was loud .
at noon the first bell was loud but the other bell was quiet .
at noon the first bell was quiet but the other bell was loud .
this evening the first bell was loud but the other bell was quiet .
this evening the first bell was quiet but the other bell was loud .
on monday the first bell was loud but the other bell was quiet .
on monday the first bell was quiet but the other bell was loud .
on friday the first bell was loud but the other bell was quiet .
on friday the first bell was quiet but the other bell was loud .
today the first song was loud but the other song was quiet .
today the first song was quiet but the other song was loud .
this morning the first song was loud but the other song was quiet .
this morning the first song was quiet but the other song was loud .
at noon the first song was loud but the other song was quiet .
at noon the first song was quiet but the other song was loud .
this evening the first song was loud but the other song was quiet .
this evening the first song was quiet but the other song was loud .
on monday the first song was loud but the other song was quiet .
on monday the first song was quiet but the other song was loud .
on friday the first song was loud but the other song was quiet .
on friday the first song was quiet but the other song was loud .
the words loud and quiet describe contrasting conditions .
the words quiet and loud describe contrasting conditions .
loud contrasts with quiet in this lesson .
quiet contrasts with loud in this lesson .
we learned that loud and quiet have opposite meanings .
we learned that quiet and loud have opposite meanings .
today the first water was warm but the other water was cool .
today the first water was cool but the other water was warm .
this morning the first water was warm but the other water was cool .
this morning the first water was cool but the other water was warm .
at noon the first water was warm but the other water was cool .
at noon the first water was cool but the other water was warm .
this evening the first water was warm but the other water was cool .
this evening the first water was cool but the other water was warm .
on monday the first water was warm but the other water was cool .
on monday the first water was cool but the other water was warm .
on friday the first water was warm but the other water was cool .
on friday the first water was cool but the other water was warm .
today the first room was warm but the other room was cool .
today the first room was cool but the other room was warm .
this morning the first room was warm but the other room was cool .
this morning the first room was cool but the other room was warm .
at noon the first room was warm but the other room was cool .
at noon the first room was cool but the other room was warm .
this evening the first room was warm but the other room was cool .
this evening the first room was cool but the other room was warm .
on monday the first room was warm but the other room was cool .
on monday the first room was cool but the other room was warm .
on friday the first room was warm but the other room was cool .
on friday the first room was cool but the other room was warm .
today the first drink was warm but the other drink was cool .
today the first drink was cool but the other drink was warm .
this morning the first drink was warm but the other drink was cool .
this morning the first drink was cool but the other drink was warm .
at noon the first drink was warm but the other drink was cool .
at noon the first drink was cool but the other drink was warm .
this evening the first drink was warm but the other drink was cool .
this evening the first drink was cool but the other drink was warm .
on monday the first drink was warm but the other drink was cool .
on monday the first drink was cool but the other drink was warm .
on friday the first drink was warm but the other drink was cool .
on friday the first drink was cool but the other drink was warm .
today the first milk was warm but the other milk was cool .
today the first milk was cool but the other milk was warm .
this morning the first milk was warm but the other milk was cool .
this morning the first milk was cool but the other milk was warm .
at noon the first milk was warm but the other milk was cool .
at noon the first milk was cool but the other milk was warm .
this evening the first milk was warm but the other milk was cool .
this evening the first milk was cool but the other milk was warm .
on monday the first milk was warm but the other milk was cool .
on monday the first milk was cool but the other milk was warm .
on friday the first milk was warm but the other milk was cool .
on friday the first milk was cool but the other milk was warm .
today the first air was warm but the other air was cool .
today the first air was cool but the other air was warm .
this morning the first air was warm but the other air was cool .
this morning the first air was cool but the other air was warm .
at noon the first air was warm but the other air was cool .
at noon the first air was cool but the other air was warm .
this evening the first air was warm but the other air was cool .
this evening the first air was cool but the other air was warm .
on monday the first air was warm but the other air was cool .
on monday the first air was cool but the other air was warm .
on friday the first air was warm but the other air was cool .
on friday the first air was cool but the other air was warm .
today the first kitchen was warm but the other kitchen was cool .
today the first kitchen was cool but the other kitchen was warm .
this morning the first kitchen was warm but the other kitchen was cool .
this morning the first kitchen was cool but the other kitchen was warm .
at noon the first kitchen was warm but the other kitchen was cool .
at noon the first kitchen was cool but the other kitchen was warm .
this evening the first kitchen was warm but the other kitchen was cool .
this evening the first kitchen was cool but the other kitchen was warm .
on monday the first kitchen was warm but the other kitchen was cool .
on monday the first kitchen was cool but the other kitchen was warm .
on friday the first kitchen was warm but the other kitchen was cool .
on friday the first kitchen was cool but the other kitchen was warm .
the words warm and cool describe contrasting conditions .
the words cool and warm describe contrasting conditions .
warm contrasts with cool in this lesson .
cool contrasts with warm in this lesson .
we learned that warm and cool have opposite meanings .
we learned that cool and warm have opposite meanings .
today the first door was wide but the other door was narrow .
today the first door was narrow but the other door was wide .
this morning the first door was wide but the other door was narrow .
this morning the first door was narrow but the other door was wide .
at noon the first door was wide but the other door was narrow .
at noon the first door was narrow but the other door was wide .
this evening the first door was wide but the other door was narrow .
this evening the first door was narrow but the other door was wide .
on monday the first door was wide but the other door was narrow .
on monday the first door was narrow but the other door was wide .
on friday the first door was wide but the other door was narrow .
on friday the first door was narrow but the other door was wide .
today the first street was wide but the other street was narrow .
today the first street was narrow but the other street was wide .
this morning the first street was wide but the other street was narrow .
this morning the first street was narrow but the other street was wide .
at noon the first street was wide but the other street was narrow .
at noon the first street was narrow but the other street was wide .
this evening the first street was wide but the other street was narrow .
this evening the first street was narrow but the other street was wide .
on monday the first street was wide but the other street was narrow .
on monday the first street was narrow but the other street was wide .
on friday the first street was wide but the other street was narrow .
on friday the first street was narrow but the other street was wide .
today the first road was wide but the other road was narrow .
today the first road was narrow but the other road was wide .
this morning the first road was wide but the other road was narrow .
this morning the first road was narrow but the other road was wide .
at noon the first road was wide but the other road was narrow .
at noon the first road was narrow but the other road was wide .
this evening the first road was wide but the other road was narrow .
this evening the first road was narrow but the other road was wide .
on monday the first road was wide but the other road was narrow .
on monday the first road was narrow but the other road was wide .
on friday the first road was wide but the other road was narrow .
on friday the first road was narrow but the other road was wide .
today the first window was wide but the other window was narrow .
today the first window was narrow but the other window was wide .
this morning the first window was wide but the other window was narrow .
this morning the first window was narrow but the other window was wide .
at noon the first window was wide but the other window was narrow .
at noon the first window was narrow but the other window was wide .
this evening the first window was wide but the other window was narrow .
this evening the first window was narrow but the other window was wide .
on monday the first window was wide but the other window was narrow .
on monday the first window was narrow but the other window was wide .
on friday the first window was wide but the other window was narrow .
on friday the first window was narrow but the other window was wide .
today the first path was wide but the other path was narrow .
today the first path was narrow but the other path was wide .
this morning the first path was wide but the other path was narrow .
this morning the first path was narrow but the other path was wide .
at noon the first path was wide but the other path was narrow .
at noon the first path was narrow but the other path was wide .
this evening the first path was wide but the other path was narrow .
this evening the first path was narrow but the other path was wide .
on monday the first path was wide but the other path was narrow .
on monday the first path was narrow but the other path was wide .
on friday the first path was wide but the other path was narrow .
on friday the first path was narrow but the other path was wide .
today the first bridge was wide but the other bridge was narrow .
today the first bridge was narrow but the other bridge was wide .
this morning the first bridge was wide but the other bridge was narrow .
this morning the first bridge was narrow but the other bridge was wide .
at noon the first bridge was wide but the other bridge was narrow .
at noon the first bridge was narrow but the other bridge was wide .
this evening the first bridge was wide but the other bridge was narrow .
this evening the first bridge was narrow but the other bridge was wide .
on monday the first bridge was wide but the other bridge was narrow .
on monday the first bridge was narrow but the other bridge was wide .
on friday the first bridge was wide but the other bridge was narrow .
on friday the first bridge was narrow but the other bridge was wide .
the words wide and narrow describe contrasting conditions .
the words narrow and wide describe contrasting conditions .
wide contrasts with narrow in this lesson .
narrow contrasts with wide in this lesson .
we learned that wide and narrow have opposite meanings .
we learned that narrow and wide have opposite meanings .
today the first door was open but the other door was closed .
today the first door was closed but the other door was open .
this morning the first door was open but the other door was closed .
this morning the first door was closed but the other door was open .
at noon the first door was open but the other door was closed .
at noon the first door was closed but the other door was open .
this evening the first door was open but the other door was closed .
this evening the first door was closed but the other door was open .
on monday the first door was open but the other door was closed .
on monday the first door was closed but the other door was open .
on friday the first door was open but the other door was closed .
on friday the first door was closed but the other door was open .
today the first window was open but the other window was closed .
today the first window was closed but the other window was open .
this morning the first window was open but the other window was closed .
this morning the first window was closed but the other window was open .
at noon the first window was open but the other window was closed .
at noon the first window was closed but the other window was open .
this evening the first window was open but the other window was closed .
this evening the first window was closed but the other window was open .
on monday the first window was open but the other window was closed .
on monday the first window was closed but the other window was open .
on friday the first window was open but the other window was closed .
on friday the first window was closed but the other window was open .
today the first store was open but the other store was closed .
today the first store was closed but the other store was open .
this morning the first store was open but the other store was closed .
this morning the first store was closed but the other store was open .
at noon the first store was open but the other store was closed .
at noon the first store was closed but the other store was open .
this evening the first store was open but the other store was closed .
this evening the first store was closed but the other store was open .
on monday the first store was open but the other store was closed .
on monday the first store was closed but the other store was open .
on friday the first store was open but the other store was closed .
on friday the first store was closed but the other store was open .
today the first box was open but the other box was closed .
today the first box was closed but the other box was open .
this morning the first box was open but the other box was closed .
this morning the first box was closed but the other box was open .
at noon the first box was open but the other box was closed .
at noon the first box was closed but the other box was open .
this evening the first box was open but the other box was closed .
this evening the first box was closed but the other box was open .
on monday the first box was open but the other box was closed .
on monday the first box was closed but the other box was open .
on friday the first box was open but the other box was closed .
on friday the first box was closed but the other box was open .
today the first gate was open but the other gate was closed .
today the first gate was closed but the other gate was open .
this morning the first gate was open but the other gate was closed .
this morning the first gate was closed but the other gate was open .
at noon the first gate was open but the other gate was closed .
at noon the first gate was closed but the other gate was open .
this evening the first gate was open but the other gate was closed .
this evening the first gate was closed but the other gate was open .
on monday the first gate was open but the other gate was closed .
on monday the first gate was closed but the other gate was open .
on friday the first gate was open but the other gate was closed .
on friday the first gate was closed but the other gate was open .
today the first office was open but the other office was closed .
today the first office was closed but the other office was open .
this morning the first office was open but the other office was closed .
this morning the first office was closed but the other office was open .
at noon the first office was open but the other office was closed .
at noon the first office was closed but the other office was open .
this evening the first office was open but the other office was closed .
this evening the first office was closed but the other office was open .
on monday the first office was open but the other office was closed .
on monday the first office was closed but the other office was open .
on friday the first office was open but the other office was closed .
on friday the first office was closed but the other office was open .
the words open and closed describe contrasting conditions .
the words closed and open describe contrasting conditions .
open contrasts with closed in this lesson .
closed contrasts with open in this lesson .
we learned that open and closed have opposite meanings .
we learned that closed and open have opposite meanings .
the round table is in the kitchen .
the round table is near the window .
the round table is inside the store .
the round table is on the shelf .
the round plate is in the kitchen .
the round plate is near the window .
the round plate is inside the store .
the round plate is on the shelf .
the round mirror is in the kitchen .
the round mirror is near the window .
the round mirror is inside the store .
the round mirror is on the shelf .
the round clock is in the kitchen .
the round clock is near the window .
the round clock is inside the store .
the round clock is on the shelf .
the round button is in the kitchen .
the round button is near the window .
the round button is inside the store .
the round button is on the shelf .
the round coin is in the kitchen .
the round coin is near the window .
the round coin is inside the store .
the round coin is on the shelf .
